---
tags:
- fragment
- essays
- age/highschool
---

# Animal Farm Symbolism

## NOTE from Monday 30 December 2019

This writeup is very much based on how American history and civics were
taught in my primary and secondary education, and does not take into
account anything about the historical and political developments of the
USSR.

Also I don’t think I understood the difference between allegory and
satire.

Also I am critical of American history from an early age; I had a sense
that something was wrong but I couldn’t put my finger on it.

### Animals vs. Humans

It seems that this conflict is between Empirical Britain and the
American Colonies. The reason is that not only is it the first
successful rebellion in history, but also the fact that soon the Farm
turned against its own principles.

### Humans

The Humans represent not only Britain, but many other European
countries, mainly in their maltreatment of their animals and colonies,
respectively. They whipped them without any conscience, and are very
much surprised when the animals revolted.

Another point to make is the mention of the human’s temporary belief
that the animals would never be able to surmount to anything without
human assistance, just as empires thought of their colonies.

### Animals

The Animals represent people in general. Not only diverse in appearance,
but also in intellectual talent. George Orwell seems to be a pessimistic
person, so naturally most people are very stupid, like the ducks or the
cows. The pigs are by far the cleverest, and so the reigns of power
immediately go to them.

### The Pigs

#### The Old Mayor

The Old Mayor symbolizes the ideas of John Locke and of liberation from
oppression. He also teaches the song *Beasts of England* to the animals,
that which might represent *Common Sense*, written by Thomas Paine.

The Old Mayor’s strange dream which starts off this story is a vision of
a Utopia of Animal kind, were everything was as good as could be He is
also the originator of the hate for Man, the parasitic life form that
“consumes without producing” His view of the Humans are creatures of
greed. The Old Mayor also forbade the adaptation of human mannerisms,
for he saw only evil in them, the indulgences of our foolish race.

### Moses, the Tame Raven

Moses the prophet who led his people to the Promised Land. The raven of
the same name seems to try to do the same thing, by telling tales of
Sugarcandy Mountain, the place were animals go after they die. Moses,
being a name derived from a religious work, signifies religion. “The
animals hated Moses because he told tales and did no work, but some of
them believed in Sugarcandy Mountain, and the pigs had to argue very
hard to persuade them there was no such place” This passage lends itself
to the “separation of Church and State” in the Constitution.

### “Equations” I made

Rebellion=American Revolution

Benjamin=history

Boxer and Clover=perfect citizens

Napoleon=Napoleon Bonaparte; greed; corruption

Snowball=purity, better leader, Old Mayor’s vision

Mollie=vanity; lazy upper-class

Sheep=blind sheep

Dog Guard=military

The Commandments=the Constitution

Squealer=Propaganda

The differing clubs=Beauracracy

The harvest=economy

Pigs=ever growing power hunger, except Snowball

Timber sold to other farm=

Mr. Jones=King George III, monarchy

Battle of Cowshed=War of 1812

Snowball vs. Napoleon=Two party system

Windmill=Technological progress (Industrial Revolution)

Napoleon blame of Snowball=McCarthyism

Minimus=Glorification of “the Man”

Mr. Whymper=Foreign trade

The beds in the house=Huge governmental officer wages

Battle of the Windmill=World War I

Pigs’ Alcoholism=Political Corruption

Death of Boxer=Death of the American Dream? Death of morals?

The ceremonies=Patriotism

The pigs walking on two legs=class distinction

Whip=oppression

Final transformation=the failure of Liberty
