---
tags:
- fragment
- fiction/story
- adulthood
---

# Tuesday 31 Dec 2019

It was the last day of the year to buy those toys, to make sure that the
children would have a good ending to a good holiday season. It never
occured to Stephen that maybe, just maybe, toys weren’t the thing that
would last in their minds. If it did, he’d probably just say something
like, Well, the point is to make them like me now, right? So, Stephen
went about winning the holidays with some Christmas bonus money.

The last toy store he looked in was the last place to have it. Of
course, it’s always where you last looked, Stephen said to the cashier
as he told the story of his crazy day for the umpteenth time. The
cashier looked smiled at him, but she was probably just being nice.
Probably.

The toy was one of those transformer kinds, the ones that have more than
one shape to them? Stephen didn’t get it at all. Back in his day, toys
weren’t collectibles: you had Johnny Rocket, Captain Stardust, and
Emperor Zatt and that was that. Everyone had nearly the same toys, and
they were happy about it. He spent his whole childhood making his own
fun, not this shit with the Hachibabies or whatever they were called. So
much money too. Why couldn’t they have stopped with the wooden blocks
when they were toddlers?

The instructions said to keep the egg in a warm place. Next to the
furnance, then into it, is where it should go. Alright, maybe he’s too
harsh on this stuff. It’ll make the kids happy, and that’s what really
mattered right now, right? I’m sure that the water dish that you are
supposed to put next to the egg is just for show.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The egg started hatching soon after 3 am. The pet’s first breath was
filled with peppermint and tinsel. She ate the tinsel. Then some more.
It started eating everything holiday related it could get it’s stubby
little fingers on. Yes, she had fingers, fingers enough to grasp and
grab and shove. She was completely done eating the living room by the
time the children were sneaking downstairs to peek at presents.

Eventually, they named it the Grinchlet.
