---
tags:
- homework
- essay
- age/university
title: Chaucer and Estaat
---

Sam Hatfield

English 4620

Dr. Francis Grady

19 March 2010

Chaucer and Estaat:

The Degradation of Class and Sexuality in Fragment I

Among the majority of categorical moralizing literature in the late 14th
century, *The Canterbury Tales* is an important look at individualistic
characterization. The *Tales* are an amalgamation of short stories and
word portraits, with overarching patterns and ideas that thematically
unify the work as a whole. Within Fragment I, which contains the General
Prologue, the Knight’s Tale, the Miller’s Tale, the Reeve’s tale, and
the Cook’s Tale, the *Tales* are chained by their narrative frame of
banter among the tale-tellers, and also study their estate and position.
An examination of Fragment I shows that the linear degradation of class
and rank in the storytellers corresponds to the representation of
sexuality in their stories.

The General Prologue of *The Canterbury Tales* follows the popular
medieval genre of estate satire, “in which representatives of various
classes and occupations are portrayed with a satirical emphasis on the
vices peculiar to their stations in life” (Benson, 5). This satire
earmarks the entirety of the *Tales* to be concerned with “estaat.” With
the portraits of the characters within Fragment I, the audience is given
a clear indication of how to think about each character, their tale, and
their place in society.

First and foremost in rank in the Tales is the Knight. The Knight is our
typical believer in “chivalrie, / Trouthe and honour, fredom and
curteisie” (ll. 45-46); “a varry, parfit gentil knyght” (l. 72). The
Knight, as well as his son, the Squire, are the only representations of
the nobility in this work, and the Knight’s description is placed first
in the hierarchy of the General Prologue and in the order of the *Tales*
themselves. His story has “an air of stately and unhurried dignity, and
the long Boethian passages…sound a meditative, philosophical tone”
(Benson, 6). It is the only story in Fragment I that features a Latin
epigraph, various mythological Greek characters, and the Greco-Roman
pagan tradition. The narrative, subdivided into four parts, follows the
courtly love competition of two Theban knights, Arcita and Palamon. What
begins with nigh-instantaneous “love at first sight” for the same woman
from a jail tower becomes an all-consuming battle of words and arms
between the two for Emelye, sister-in-law of Theseus, who didn’t know
the quarrel existed until line 1731. The two Thebans, nearly equal in
every way, begin the Tale nearly dead, then immediately become
imprisoned. The dramatic arc of the Tale follows them on a trajectory of
ever-increasing nobility; a journey of approximately 2000 lines,
beginning from their shared tower imprisonment to a courtly tournament
of two hundred or so noble combatants. All of this battle results in a
happy ending and marriage, as monogamous as courtly tradition dictates.

This philosophical romance that the Knight brings to the tale-telling
contest seems to set the stage for stories that will deal with higher
class and higher sexual standards for the “Tales of best sentence and
moost solaas” (l. 798) that the Host demands of the pilgrims. However,
the next 2000 lines are dominated by fabliaux, stories not of the upper
class, but of the lower class, and present a modified representation of
sexual desire, and an entirely different way of approaching a story.

The Miller’s Tale is begun not “by aventure, or sort, or cas” (l. 844),
but by an interruption by the drunken Miller, who “quites” the Knight’s
Tale with a love competition of another sort: two clerks vying for a
carpenter’s wife. Instead of marriages of equal nobility, age, or
virtue, as was the unions of Theseus and Ypolita, Palamon and Emelye,
this story has only one marriage, between Jon the old carpenter and
young, beautiful Alison. The Miller tells us that “Men sholde wedden
after hire estaat” (l. 3229), which is a continuation of the discussion
of estate from the beginning satire. Instead of a pair of Theban
knights, we have a pair of lowly clerks, Nicholas and Absolom. The
*Tales* have departed from the noble class of the Knight to the realm of
the Miller, a “churl” that “was a janglere and a goliardeys, / and that
was moost of synne and harlotries” (ll. 560-561). During this tale,
wives are willingly seduced, Arks are built, and bare asses are burnt
with hot metal; all within a story that is fast-paced and farcical, “a
celebration of indecorous energy, physical pleasure, and riotous good
humor” (Benson, 8). Sexuality transforms from a long-deferred non-carnal
love affair deserving of honest combat to a battle of wits for immediate
physical gratification.

Another quite is in store for the *Tales* when the Reeve tells a story
in direct occupational and philosophic opposition to the Miller, though
the stories share similar approach and purpose. The Reeve’s Tale
features “povre scolers two” (l. 4002), Aleyn and John. Noble Arcite and
Palamon fight out their courtly love in a public fashion; lowly Aleyn
and John commit criminal and sexual acts in the night, leaving Symkyn
the Miller and his family in their wake. The story is more crude and
less contrived than the plot of the Miller’s Tale, and its sexuality is
even more immediate and bodily.

The last story of Fragment I, the “quite” to the Reeve’s Tale, is barely
a story at all. It carries “the downward movement of Fragment I to its
furthest extreme” (Benson, 9). The Cook, self-admitted “a povre man” (l.
4341), tells the pilgrims of “A little jape that fil in oure citee” (l.
4343). The Cook’s Tale, including its Prologue, is 97 lines total, far
fewer than the 2249 lines that comprise the Knight’s Tale. The Cook’s
Tale, his “jape,” describes Perkyn Revelour, an apprentice in London.
When released from his apprenticeship, he “sente his bed and his array /
Unto a compeer of his owne sort, / That lovede dys, and revel, and
disport, / And hadde a wyf that heeld for contenance / A shoppe, and
swyved for hir sustenance” (ll. 4418-4422). This stark conclusion of
anti-noble, almost bohemian living arrangement is mostly scandal and
little of anything else, the opposite of the Knight Tale’s storytelling,
with lengthy plot setup, occupatio, and *demand d’amour*; “we have moved
from the remoteness of ancient Athens to ‘oure citee,’ London, and from
the idealized realm of romance to the sleaziest side of contemporary
reality” (Benson, 9). Even the “churl’s” tales of the Miller and the
Reeve had intrigue within their expression of sexuality; the Cook
provides none, only stark, open prostitution.

From the loftiest ideals of courtly love to the bodily realism of sexual
gratification, Fragment I of *The Canterbury Tales* presents a linear
degradation of class and sexuality. From Knight to Cook, the *Tales*
demonstrate Chaucer’s command of individualistic characterization that
is more artistic and satisfying to current audiences than any moralizing
literature of the late 14th century.
