---
date: 2020-11-24T13:29
tags:
- writing/story
- 'age/year-of-desperation'
---

# Roosters

The man who walks crooked awoke, and cursed to himself. Those roosters
woke him again, but now he must rise. He could smell the cooking fires
across the houses; the woman who never sleeps has started breakfasting
early, as always. Do the roosters keep her awake? They have woken him
for nearly the whole season. When the man does dream, he dreams that he
is deep underground. Soundless. The man has two roosters. Last season,
he had three, but some wild beast that the villagers haven't named yet
carried it off as prey. So far, the hens keep laying the same way, so it
may not make a difference. It may yet stay the same if he looses a
second one.

The older rooster crows, then the younger. The man wishes that wild
beast will come back.

The man tried to ignore the roosters for a longer period of time, as his
body was sore from yesterday's irrigation. Today wasn't going to be any
different —more hard work under the great Sun. Why is it that the great
Sun doesn't awake as quickly as the man does? He supposed that the great
Sun was simply more tired. After all, the great Sun sowed his warmth and
shine over the whole earth.

The man's wife, the woman who throws stones, turned to him. She, just
like the roosters, had no sympathy for him.

“Husband of mine, the roosters crow, calling you to work.”

“The irrigation will take the whole day, wife of mine,” the man could
hardly speak, “It can wait some time more.”

“The field won't irrigate itself,” she said as she stooped, baking,
“come, breakfast.”

“The roosters have kept me awake throughout the night; I didn't dream
much.” He ate the coarse bread.

“I was not bothered by them.” She gave him an urn of milk.

“They should have named you 'the woman who sleeps like stone'. If it
weren't for breakfasts across the houses,” he quaffed, “you'd never
wake.”

“And if it weren't for roosters, you'd never wake.”

They finished breakfasting in silence. The man gathered his hoe and his
ax, and started the walk. “I suppose then the roosters are divine beings
of activity, then.”

“Go to the canals, husband of mine.” She goes inside to wake the
children. They are to gather in the field, to pick it empty. It won't be
hard work –the field was fallow.

The man left his house, and headed for the irrigation. He would beat the
great Sun out today, just like he had done for a long time. He could not
remember when the last time he awoke after the great Sun had already
started his sowing. It must have been when he was just a small boy,
leaning with a stick, going to the fields to help his father. His
father, dead of course, had been on this exact path in that old time.
Did roosters wake him as well?

The man arrived at the irrigation after all of the other farmers. They
began work immediately. In silence, they tilled the earth away from the
great River. They had been toiling at this for the whole season, their
progress was just as prolonged. Instead of turning the fallow land into
farming land, they were turning the hard earth into mud. Instead of
sowing seeds, the farmers were uprooting stone.

The man grew unhappy as quickly as the shadows shortened, and by midday
he felt broken.

“O, lamentations!” the man dropped to his knees and cried, and all
stopped their work.

“O, he who walks crooked, what is your lamentation? Surely, you are as
unhappy as the rest of us that are working? Why do you cry so?”

“I did not dream last night, nor many nights before. I wish...” the man
trailed off, yet the rest of the farmers waited.

The man licked cracked lips. “I wish to know how to make roosters stop
crowing!”

The tallest man said, “You do not suggest to get rid of them?”

“I do not,” the man who walks crooked said, “I simply wish for them not
to crow.”

The man who grinds his teeth said, “Yes, I too wish that. It is as if
those beasts worship their own crowing, and are in constant
celebration.”

The man who looks upward, sighing greatly, said, “Maybe, the rooster is
a divine being, meant to summon up the great Sun?”

The man who walks crooked chimed in, “Why would the great Sun need a
rooster to summon him? Besides, the roosters do this all night, not just
at dawn.

The tallest man shouted, “A beast that summons the great Sun for the
whole night? They sound more like little braggarts to me.”

“Perhaps,” the man who falls down said, “the great Sun is just like the
rest of us, and he can't sleep through them either.”

The day was long, but the irrigation canals grew longer, so the farmers
were happy in their toil. Around midday, the man who walks crooked was
exhausted. He was falling asleep at his work, slowing the farmers down.
It was at this stage that breaking new canals was the worst –instead of
cool earth, it was hot mud.

The man swung his hoe down into the mud, and the clang and the break
seemed to echo in the field. He brought the hoe above the steaming mud,
but he only got a piece of it.

He withdrew the other piece...along with the stone that destroyed the
tool.

He swore to the stone, he swore to the hoe, he swore to the earth, he
swore to the sky, and he swore to the great Sun. But most fervently, he
swore to the roosters.

The farmers began the work, but the man who walks crooked watched in
anger-filled eyes.

“You should help us yet,” the man who looks upwards said after some
time, “perhaps you will chop and the earth with your ax?”

“No, that shall not happen,”the man who grinds his teeth said, “I do not
wish to break his ax with my skull.”

“Hey, crooked!” the tallest man said, “You should go to your house and
rest. You are of no use to us without mind and without hoe. We can see
the anger in your eyes. Save your ax for tomorrow when we will clear the
fields for the irrigation.”

The man who walks crooked came to his house, and what should he see just
as he is getting there but the older rooster. The old rooster crowed at
the man. The man's eyes burned in anger. He looked at his broken hoe,
and then his ax that he held in his hands.

At the final meal of the day, long after great Sun sowed his warmth and
shine over the whole earth, the man who walks crooked was well rested
and happy. The anger no longer filled his eyes, and he was enjoying the
silence from the outside. Some roosters crowed in the distance, but no
matter.

“Father, tell again the story of what happened!” his youngest child
pleaded.

“Child, you know full well that your father is no braggart!” the woman
threatened the child with her fist, but the man who walks crooked stayed
her hand.

“I will tell my tale in short this time, love. My child, when I was
home, there were two beasts that were ravaging the house, looking for
our livestock to eat. They were just finished killing the roosters,
spilling their blood all around, when I came and slew them with my ax..”

“Did their bodies look all black and ashy when you destroyed them,
Father?”

“Yes, child, they were very ashy monsters.”

“Maybe they came from the ash, and that is why we've never seen them
before!

“And now,” the woman who throws stones said, “we eat their strange, ashy
flesh to gain their fierce strength. It's a shame about the roosters
though.”

The man remembered how they felt as he covered their bodies in ashes,
and he felt no shame.

