---
tags:
- scene
- 'theodore-melliah'
- age/highschool
---

# Beginning

This little title that had been awarded them came from…well, that’s
another tale…

Well, back to the earlier point: Nekros Interrogators were called that
because it is a form of extricatism humour: “They’re asking *really
hard* questions!” If you truly believe in extricatism as Brankoveeech
teaches, and you really think everything is an Illusion, then you will
laugh yourself into a state of denial *so powerful* you wouldn’t feel
the Interrogators ripping your face off. You can infer Nekros like this
philosophy too.

Well, for one thing, Theodore didn’t put much faith into extricatism,
just about as much as in the Old Truisms. Theodore didn’t waste his time
on such things meant for higher standards of living than his. Humans did
what they could with what they could get.

So anyway, Theodore heard the dreaded, rarely laughed at Nekros
Interrogators clinking their way out of the Bloodboat. The Interrogators
were immune to the effects of the X Cloud Tzati-compounds, but not
because they had protective face-gear; they didn’t have any eyes or
lungs to be damaged. The Nekros usually implanted pickled neural matter
into prefabricated Interrogator-bodies, utilizing the more primitive
parts to run the “logistic behavior” of these monstrosities. The vast
majority of Nekros technology involves pickled something-or-others—I
really don’t like talking about it. When these prefabricated bodies came
into view, he noticed they were insectiod, and except for the pickled
stuff it was made of Yekite; Theodore could tell from the total lack of
reflection from its yellowish surface. The fifteen mechanical legs of
all four Interrogators clinked as they crawled across their ship.
Theodore tried hard not to let his panic take over his senses: he had to
survive this attack. How was he going to do it? Theodore quickly pulled
out his rightfully-stolen Moleculator (the simple Boor-model) and took
an atmospheric sample. Along with the normal X Cloud specifics, it
contained trace amounts of Vospher. He pulled out of his rag-torn jacket
a V.P.E, a Volatile Particle Emitter. This device is very much like a
gun, only it works with any sort of materials. Normally, P.E devices are
used in all sorts of civil applications, such as injecting Vosphor into
pudding. However, the V.P.E is a unique object, as it was in a very
unconventional design—if you were to see it, however, you would mistake
it for a gun. Theodore had never seen a gun, but something deep inside
his unconscious mind had told him to make it look this way…like it was
part of his mental heritage. The V.P.E device is a somewhat misnomer,
for it contained much more: a P.A (particle accelerator), multi-P.V
(particle vessels), a loading canister, a fiber-optic focusing barrel, a
thermal-sourced generator (which formed the grip), as well as the
necessary trigger. However, when he was building it, he couldn’t come up
with a fitting name for the device; that particular Human talent didn’t
come easy. So, he called it the V.P.E, because that is what it does.
Looking at the Moleculator for the third time, and taking the
nonalloyed-Yekite-built Interrogators into account, he finally chose the
Wenty-particle canister. If this worked right, Theodore could keep the
Nekros at bay long enough for him to truly escape. He loaded the
canister into the V.P.E and locked it into place. “Load and Lock!”
Theodore mouthed to himself.

Theodore smiled as he powered up the P.A to its highest level—finally,
he would see some justice to worthy recipients. He waited for the P.A’s
full effect, repositioned himself, and took aim at the Nekros. Just
about when the Interrogators were halfway between the ships (they
suspended themselves in the Cloud using helicopter-esque technology),
Theodore pulled the trigger.

Although he didn’t use many of the particles in the canister (about 5
grams), the reverse-vector force they exerted upon Theodore’s ship
pushed it back several meters. The pink Wenty-arc beam shot forward;
even then, the Vospher started to widen the beam, and it fanned out
beautifully. Even if the Nekros could enjoy such a sight, they wouldn’t
have had time to do it. By the time the beam got to the Interrogators,
they hadn’t even perceived that their quarry moved at all. A few of the
Wenty-particles became magnetically attracted to the Interrogators,
while all of the rest attached themselves to the Bloodboat. Theodore
couldn’t believe his goggle-covered eyes; the public documentary stated
that Wenty-particles interfere with any electromagnetic device not
shielded from it—it was doing something much more…Theodore guessed it
was the action of the P.A upon the unruly particles.

What Theodore saw was this: *at any site in which the Wenty-particles
connected, the highly-magnetic Yekite **recrystallized** in a fractual
pattern, fitting with the individual Wenty-particles’ combined magnetic
force fields*. The Interrogators, even with the few particles they had,
became like giant pink snowflakes, with the pickled brains serving as a
centerpoint. The Bloodboat faired little better; although the structure
was an alloy of Yekite and other metals, the recrytallization still
occurred at great length. The entire of the Bloodboat ruptured, and
Theodore could hear the X Cloud hissing into the ship. Theodore
activated his ship swiftly, for he did not want to hear any death cries,
nor watch the Nekros start their roughly 19.73 meters/second/second
death plunge into the Hy’Klar desert floor, thousands of kilometers
down. He pulled out of the X Cloud, removed his face gear, and breathed
a sigh of relief, and of utter triumph.
