---
title: Laser Wands
date: 2020-11-12T18:24
tags:
- harriet-starr
- note
---

The laser wand is a fascinating piece of magitechnology, if you were
interested in learning about such things. The way that it worked was
similar to how ancient wands worked, except instead of wood carved from
a tree, it is metal, forged by a wandsmith. Wandsmiths only create the
metal housing: the person that the wand is made for is made by another
person, typically the student that needs the wand themselves. The metal
wands used by modern space wizardry are composed of three parts: the
core, the focusing crystal, and the barrel. The barrel is just the
skinny part of a wand that slides out of the main housing. It allows for
adjusting how focused on a beam you want to make. The furthest setting
is good for long distance spells, whereas the shortest setting is useful
for magic at home. There are other modules that you can add to it. Some
wands are laser wands because the focusing crystal produces a beam of
light: other wands have different crystals that have different
properties. For example, the sonic wand has a piezoelectric crystal that
produces sound rather than light. This means that the wand isnâ€™t too
good for fighting, but because the sound focusing crystal can have many
different harmonics, it is easier to mix and match spells, or combine a
spell with a metaspell. Metaspells are spell on spells, and where only
discovered after programmers got their hands on magical artifacts and
tested out computer theory on ancient wooden wands and texts. But that
was ancient history. Most mages carry at least a laser wand, and people
who work on magitech all the time often carry a sonic wand because they
are much more suited to working on devices rather than more direct
spells that are directed at people.
