---
date: '2020-11-23T15:04'
tags:
- writing/fragment
- adulthood
---

# Thursday 09 Jan 2020

“Well, that was a complete waste of time,” she said as she was putting
her coat back on.

“Maybe not, though? I think you rushed out of there before he had his
say,”

Maev retorted, “The Sage is important to listen to.”

“I don’t know why y’all call him that, he’s just an old man,” Pensie
replied, “An old man who’s time came and went and he is still here.
Jesus.”

“Maybe that means something though? The fact that he’s still here and
all the others have gone?”

Pensie considered this. Was she being too harsh? Well, it’s not like she
could go back in there now. Not now. Not after those things that she
thought so loud you could practially hear them. And maybe some of those
old stories about the Sages being able to hear your thoughts were
actually true. But then again, could he hear what she was saying now?
Damn.

“Maybe you’re right,” she said, stopping her jog away from the tree
stump. “Maev?”

“Yeah, Pen.” “If I were to go back there right now, would people think
that I was crazy? Or indecisive? What would they… do?”

“Nothing. This isn’t the first time someone left a coven meeting early
then came back. We are a passionate and opinionated group.”

“Way to sell it short, Maev.” Pensie sighed. “Fine, alright, fine, let’s
go back in there and damn anyone who gets mad about it.”

“Fuck yeah!”

They turned towards the tree stump again, waiting for a moment in case
any randos were using it, then stepped into the magic circle. The circle
was wide enough to accompany about a dozen people if they were really
friendly with one another, but more like 4 people with reasonable
personal space. It was centered on the tree stump for easier locating.
Circles were really hard to see from far away, but they were obvious
enough up close. Obvious enough that even half-blind drunk people could
use it without getting sliced up by the magic. Although that is fairly
rare these days, with the PSAs and everything.
