---
tags:
- fiction/story
- age/middleschool
- age/highschool
---

# A Long Time Ago

## NOTE
I have no idea if I wrote this, but I'm pretty sure I did! I also have no idea when I wrote it. I may have been in middle school or high school?

## text

A long time ago…Alright not to long ago… Fine right now somewhere in the
world… OK in Santa Rosa, California, at the public school, a boy name
Markiss Flick a smart, strong 14 year old boy, with black hair, blue,
eyes, weighed 138 pounds and was only 5 foot 3 inches tall.

Well anyway he had just got out of class and had 25 minutes until his
next class. Markiss had lots and lots of homework that he needed to
finish. He thought if he used that time he might get it done or have a
little bit done. So he went and started.

8 minutes past he was into the work. 12 minutes past he was in deep
thought. 19 minutes past he was tranquilized into the work and of course
forgot all things about him and kept on to his work. 40 minutes later he
was REALLY late and needed to get there fast and when he noticed it was
40 minutes after the time class started he was stunned at the thought of
getting a C+ because he didn’t get to ask a most important question he
needed to ask the teacher. So he through his binder into his backpack
and through on his backpack and ran! He ran (which your not supposed to
do) right through the hall and he turned the corner and wooooooom he ran
into Miss Mellyjelly Belly the most strictest, ugly , old person you
ever saw spilled her Gatorade all over herself when Markiss ran into
her.

So he was blamed for what she said to be the most treacherous, evil, and
most teacher harmful student EVER!!! Plus she added in the old lecture
that we all probably know but I’ll will tell or rather yell this at you…
YOU KNOW YOU’RE NOT SUPPOSED TO RUN AND ESPECIALY NOT TO RUN INTO WELL
ME!!! ALSO YOU OWE ME NEW CLOTHES YOU LITTLE BRAT AND YOU WILL GET A
DETENSION FOR YOUR TREACHERY!!! She said in the most outraged tone of
voice.

Markiss was now looking at the clock very distressed because if he got
in there all he would need to say is he had to help the office. Although
he only had 10 minutes left and Miss Mellyjelly Belly was going on and
on and on. He just couldn’t guess on an estiment of how long she would
keep on blabbering. His only conclusion was “she’s mad” that was his
only guess because on and on I tell you.

55 minutes late he had to do something so he told her “look there around
in the bathroom a boy was running and had some gum in his mouth!” So she
without thinking walked “fast” towards the bathroom and then it was his
chance to go but he only had 2 minutes and the teacher would leave very
early for a meeting after school so he couldn’t ask for it after. He was
almost there but 30 seconds. He was on the same floor now. 15 seconds
left he was jogging 10 almost there. I’m going to make it, 5, 4, 3, 2,
1… DING, DING, DING! “NOOOO!” he yelled miserably and saw all the kids
come rushing out and he tried for a slight chance he might be able to
get his attention. It didn’t work. His hope had just died.

He rode the bus home and when he got there, his mom asked him how his
day went. He said, “It was bad,” and he told him what happened when he
ran into Miss Mellyjelly Belly. So she told him to go and do his
homework. Then he realized that the work he was doing on the bench was
still on the bench and he needed to get it. He went to his room to think
up a plan.

He went downstairs and told his mom he was finished, even though that
was a lie, and asked if he could go to the library to check out a book.
She said it was okay. So Markiss went out toward the library, and when
he was out of sight, he turned toward the school.

When he got to school, he saw a janitor on the ground, and asked the
janitor if he could get his work on the bench. But the janitor remained
silent. Then Markiss noticed that the janitor looked like a ghost and
acted like a zombie. He saw some keys on the janitor’s belt and decided
to take them. “That was easy,” he muttered to himself, “but I wonder why
that guy was acting like that.”

When he got to the school doors, he unlocked them and went inside. He
walked towards the bench by the office, but got a glimpse of a bright
light coming from somewhere in the office. With that, he forgot all
about his homework and like anyone else, walked into the office to check
it out. Now the bright light seemed to be a black sphere of darkness,
then it flashed brightly again. Markiss went into the light. The next
thing he knew, he was surrounded by strangely cloaked people.

The place he was now in looked magical for some odd reason. Things were
floating and vanishing but some of the things looked similar to things
he saw normally in Santa Rosa. For instance, he saw signs with warnings
or telling where things were. One that interested him most was one with
a school sign on it or that’s what he thought it was. Well anyway he
wanted to go there, and as he walked in the building it was disserted
except for one person who was a girl and looked like she was looking at
a book but Markiss didn’t think they had books so he wasn’t sure what it
was. Well anyway once she saw him come in she said “hello.” now smiling

“Hello.” stuttered Markiss

“My name is Martenick and I’m a teacher here.” she said

Martenick is skinny and has black hair with grey streaks across it. She
looked very old and tired, she was smart and was 1,000,000 years old and
weighed 94 pounds and was 5 foot 1 inch and had green eyes

“My names Markiss” said Markiss

“Well Markiss can I call you Mark?”

“Sure.”

“Okay I’m sure you have lots of questions.”

“You bet I do.”

“Okay, well ask away as you please.”

“How did I get here all of a sudden? I think the bright light was there
and I went in it then I ended up here,” he said.

“That is the work of Yudrasica a very powerful and dangerous warlock and
can easily do something like that.” She said

“Also I wanted to know what place this is called?” he asked

“This.” she said. “Is Mortiana.”

“And how do I get back?” he asked

“Well… you would have to defeat Yudrasica.”

“So how do we do that?”

“Well we need equipment and supplies for a long journey but I have that
covered.”

“So we can just go?” he asked

“No because we need a guide for the trip.

“Do you know of a guide?”

“Yes but I was looking for him just now.”

“Do you know what place he’s in?”

“Well this is a searchery and it’s told me that he’s here in this city
and I think it’s at our inn but I’m not sure I was just about to look
for him there.”

“Were you expecting me?”

“No I was going to go alone. Besides the guide.” She said

So they went to the inn and sure enough the guide known as Voldet was
there.

Voldet was very pale in the face and had sharp teeth that stuck out of
his mouth. He had green hair and was about 6 foot and weighed 96 pounds
and had red eyes.

Voldet led them far until they reached a tower with changing colors
every second then led them to the bridge which then fell suddenly.

They fell in a dungeon and saw Yudrasica 6 foot 2 inches with red hair a
scar under his left eye, he had an eye carved on his chest and had red
and black eyes, he looked like he weighed 115 pounds and seemed to be
laughing.

While he was laughing they got up and Voldet got out his swords Markiss
curled his hands to fist and Martenick got out a wand. Yudrasica was
defenseless but was hiding his weapon.

Voldet was an amazing fighter with the blade but Yudrasica was even
better even when Martenick shot a spell at him and he only had 1 blade.
Then Markiss saw a blade appear near him and he picked it up and crept
behind Yudrasica and sliced him! Yudrasica then fell and vanished. They
had won.

Martenick cast a spell on him and it made him return to Santa Rosa.
Before this she told him he can come back all he has to do is say
“wangoola.” When Markiss was back at school he realized he was on the
bench doing homework but realized he had to go to class so it then
appeared that he had gone back in time to when he got messed up and was
late. This time he wasn’t and he would make things right!

The End!!!
