---
title: General Bec
date: 2020-11-12T17:48
tags:
- harriet-starr
- note
---

Now, in Harry Potter and in Star Wars, there are such things as ghosts.
In Star Wars, there aren't as many ghosts, but in Harry Potter, they are
all over the place. However, I believe that the ghosts in Star Wars
actually have more plot points than they do in Harry Potter, so maybe I
should include some ghosts in my story. But where would they be?

I think maybe the Rebellion could have a few ghosts. They are desperate
about those kinds of things, they accept anybody as a rebel, even if
they don't have a body. The Rebellion ghosts would be there for
knowledge exchange and strategy, not really for anything else since they
cannot interact with normal matter. In Star Wars, ghosts interact with
the environment even less, so it's not like you could have ghost spies
or anything like that. One difference between ghosts in Harry Potter and
in Star Wars is that in Harry Potter, they can only seem to inhabit the
places where they haunt, whereas in Star Wars, they can appear anywhere.
In Star Wars, ghosts can only be seen by certain individuals, whereas in
Harry Potter, anyone can see them.

I think that the thing to do here is to sort of split the difference.
Ghosts can appear away from their haunts, but only in mental images of
force sensitive individuals. They cannot interact with normal matter,
they can interact with energy on a limited basis. They have no
knowledge of the afterlife, but they do retain a really good memory for
when they were alive. They can fly around like in Harry Potter.

I think that there is one major ghost character in the Rebellion, and
that is General Bec. General Bec is a fairly good-natured ghost, if a
little too serious for anyone else. They were a dedicated general in the
Rebellion, and died in the first offensive that the rebellion took. Ever
since that defeat, they have vowed to end the Empire, no matter how long
it takes to accomplish in death what they could not in life. I think
that General Bec is the most senior officer in the Rebellion, being the
most dead. They haunt their medal of valor that the rebellion made up on
the spot to celebrate Bec's death. Bec, child of Wil, would have been
the most decorated rebellion member if they stayed dead, but now they
have earned 3 more medals for valor. And, the ghost general has a
predilection for medals ceremonies, so they are the ones that award them
to the troops now. What started as a singular medal for a dead alien
became the start of many many awards ceremonies that Bec has instigated.
Nowadays, any major offensive has at least two medals awarded, mostly
posthumously, I'm afraid to say.
