---
tags:
- fiction/story
- age/highschool
---

# Umberland Adventure

a story of Humour and of strange Going-ons

As Written By:

Xerkcys Elias Quinar

INTRODUCTORY NOTICE

As written by the author, Xerkcys.

Hello, everyone, this is a forward to let you know a little bit more
about this story, and how you should read it.

The main thing you ought to know is that the style of writing here is a
bit odd, insomuch as this entire story is filled with Odd. Remember, Odd
is very potent, especially in this concentrated form, and should be
handled with care. If you have any problems with reasoning ability,
vision-perception ability, or thinking ability, you should avoid this
work of fiction. This story is also very, very Silly. If you have even a
hint of stomach problems, allergy problems, or a pregnancy problem, you
should avoid this story like it’s the plague. The fact that this story
is both Silly and Odd, it is a big turn-off for overly sensibly-minded
people, but then again, what overly sensibly-minded person could ever
write a silly story, an odd fiction? In other words, what overly
sensibly-minded person ever wrote a good book?

If you don’t feel you are going to be handicapped by the presence of Odd
or Silly, you should one congratulate yourself on not being an overly
sensibly-minded person, because they spoil a great deal of Everyone’s
fun. Secondly, you should then be told this: The writing style and much
of the humour in this story dictate that you pay close attention to not
just to what the words are saying, but also to the words themselves. The
main reason why this story would be funny at all is the way the words
are situated, and then do acrobatic tricks within their syntax. Very few
got this fact when I first showed them this story, and I believe this is
largely my fault. I’m soory. So anyway, I wrote this note as a way of
preparing my audience, so that they might be able to actually get this
story, to understand why I thought this story was funny.

Thanks muchly,

Xerkcys Elias Quinar

| Preamble 1

Once upon a land, called Umberland, there lived a little boy named
Yelts. Mind you, that doesn’t sound like a good name to any of us, but
it’s plenty good for Umberfolk. Today was going to be different for
Yelts. Normally, he would wander the forests of his home, the Rtani
swamps, looking for some good Chwit mushrooms, but today as well the
last few days, he was on an expansive Errand. He was now climbing the
Foothills of Broolry, going south-west-up, heading towards the Plains.
“What?” you may ask, “No odd label for this geological feature? No made
up name for to confuse us?” No. The Plains speak for themselves, as you
will see when the time comes.

He meandered down the Foothills, avoiding all the Broolrybranch vines,
which would take off his leg if he wasn’t careful. He contemplated the
advice in relation to his Errand that he had gotten from the Umberfolk
of Er’Oip, the last town he visited (Er’Oip is known for its sponge
baths, Broolrybranch stew, sword fish fights, dentures, and some of the
natives have a really bad dialect of Umberspeak). This is a
comprehensive list of all of the advice he received:

1.  “What?!? Acro sthe Plain sgo? Wha tma kyuoo doothat?!”

2.  “Pray to Veronica for safe passage, and surely it will be granted.”

3.  “The Plains have not been successfully traversed since 7489 yCGL

(years since the Conquering of the Gvrittn Land)

4.  “Pray to Veronica for safe passage, and surely it will be granted.”

5.  “Whydo ntyuoo triisome ovthi smedi-cine foronly ‘\>\| \](‘[^1]

Xwgys!” (Yelts was verily temped, but then he remembered that Xwgys were
illegalized by Umberlaw)

6.  “Pray to Veronica for safe passage, and surely it will be granted.”

7.  “Triius ingthi sleaves ova Gondi-Creackly leaf ‘tween yur toes.”

\* So, with mud in his hair, and jam between his toes (no Gondi-Creackly
leaves to be found) he finally arrived at the Plains. Mind you, these
aren’t the kind of plains we’re used to. On Earth, our plains can be
surmised as a flat area of the lithosphere, covered with hundreds of
thousands of millions of billions of trillions of grass blades, with a
tree or two here or there to break the monotony. A simple Euclidian
plane with two directions: left-right and forward-backward (Sideways is
what happens when you mix the two directions together in a cocktail
shaker. Euclid was a Greek philosopher who studied the shape of things,
and wore a toga).

But not these Plains. These plains were multi-leveled. What I mean to
say is: Imagine that you took the normal plains you know, take a
scissors, cut them into several irregular shapes, place them into
varying levels so that none of them are on the same elevation, wrap them
in an enigma, and tie a pretty bow. Not only do you have a very
attractive knot, you also have a wrapped enigma, and no one can ever
figure those sucka’s out. As you can now see, the Plains aren’t easily
tackled, or walked upon, either. And you may ask, “What about in between
the levels, what’s there? Hmm?” Well, I’ll tell you: Absolutely nothing.
“Huh?” That’s right: absolutely Nothing.

Yelts looked upon the Plains, in awe of the Nothing, the surrealism, and
the pretty bow. He couldn’t begin to comprehend it. He turned the advice
over in his head, turned his head over, and then he started to feel the
blood rush to his head. At first he was afraid, but then he realized
that the influx of circulatory fluid to his cerebral cortex was allowing
him an influx of oxygen to feed his gray matter which further allowed
him an influx of smarts. He contemplated his dilemma with this newfound
genius, added in the advice of Er’Oip, looked at his last tax return,
weighed the pros and cons, found the pros to be a little overweight and
told it to get more exercise, it did, and he solved his problem, within
budget, too.

Yelts took to knee and began to pray to Veronica, because, hey! “Surely
it will be granted”! And thus he began the ceremony…

Yelts gathered before him the sacred relics: the Glass Cylinder of Toop,
the Fermented Chwit of Wre, a Gondi-Creackly leaf (as I have said
before, not between his toes), and finally, a spoon. Placing them upon
the ground before him, he began to chant:

“Oh, Veronica, Purveyor of the Stew, Giver of the Light Lunch, and
Promissory of the American Way![^2] I rejoice in your Choosing of me,
and now I must ask of you for Guidance! Show me the Route through my
perilous Path, and bind me to my Fate!”

Yelts then threw himself down of the ground, rolled around a bit, and
got up (grass was mixing with the mud in his hair, for a rather amusing
effect). He squeezed the Fermented Chwit of its fermentation into the
Glass Cylinder. He then proceeded to wipe the rather amusing effect out
of his hair with the Gondi-Creackly leaf. Finally, Yelts used the spoon
to mix the Messy-Creackly leaf and the Fermentation in the Glass
Cylinder.

He then drank. The alcohol (Fermentation of the Chwit) from the shot
glass (for that’s what the Cylinder is) started it work on his brain,
and the Messy-Creackly leaf (nasty!) began to work on his digestion, and
thus he began the Divination Process (because, as you know, you have to
be either really crazy or really drunk to talk to God).

Yelts sat for a while, swaying back and forth, the material world
swirling about him. As he waited for the Divination, he took a trip down
Memory Lane, going all the way back in the Rtani swamps…

\* \* \*

; Rtani/The Method 2

Slosh. Bubble. Splech-Squish. Swi-i-i-im. Slosh-bubble-burp-swish
swi-i-i-m.

These were the sounds that surrounded Yelts as he made across the myre.
“What? Swimming across the myre?! Gross!!” you may shout, insinuating
that I do not know anything about swamps, hygiene, or swimming. I
present two arguments: (1) A myre is only gross if you don’t shower
before and afterwards, and (2) swimming is the best kind of
transportation they had! Mind you, this is the equivalent to having
motorcars on Earth, because for the longest time, Umberfolk in Rtani
couldn’t swim. It took a traveling swimming instructor from the
North-East-Down to give them this new technique. You may ask, “How did
they?–” I’ll explain!; keep your pants, dress, leggings, tunic, etc.,
on.

They got around by using the infamous Gor’Didas. “What’s a Gor’Didas?”

Well, for the best description, without bias or stupid comments, we go
to the Umberbook *All Living Things That’s Been Encountered Ever Since
We Have Started To Write This*. But that is a completely different book,
so we’ll skip that. For my opinion, which is much more important here,
the Gor’Didas is one of the most ugly, stupid, and dangerous
Umbercreatures ever to come about. Its strong point is that its ugliness
and stupidity is great for an insulting reference to other people, and
its poison is useful for removing rust stains from carpeting. Other than
that, completely horrible brutes, and definitely shouldn’t be used for
transportation. But it was, and so, there you are.

As Yelts approached his destination, he heard odd sounds coming from his
adobe. What were those sounds? He reached the front door, kicked it
open, and was quickly blinded by the brilliant darkness. Then, a voice
spoke to him, in calm, divine tones; “Yelts, ye who is so vastly
Stupid.”

Yelts recognized the voice as that of Wre, the first Prophet-Drunk.

“Ye hast been Chosen.”

Yelts thought: Wre helped in the conquering of the Gvrittn Land, over
10,000 years ago. How could I recognize his voice?

“Ye musth pay attention!”

Yelts thought: Sorry

“Good. As I hath been sayething, ye hast been Chosen. Veronica Chose ye
to run a grand Errand, so that ye may assist, nay, greatly assist, in
the Clockwork of Orange[^3]! Ye Directions to thy Destination hath been
mailed to you. Expecteth 5-7 week delivery.”

Thus the voice of Wre moseyed off, bringing the dark brilliance with
him. Yelts regained his sight; however, his toes were numb for the next
few hours. The experience he had would have bothered him a bit longer
than it did, but he found it hard to walk with numb toes. Yelts
struggled to get to his bed, hoping his toes would feel in the morning,
and hoping his Gor’Didas removed the rust stains from his carpeting.
When he got there, he climbed into the bed, sealed it, turned on the air
freshener, and clapped twice. When it got dark, he drifted into
slumberless dreams…

\* \* \*

When he woke up, he launched himself out of bed, and hit a wall. Being
fully awake now, he went to the front porch to wait for the Directions
to arrive. After what seemed like four minutes, but was really two, he
began to feel dispirited. Why did Veronica Choose him to wait 5-7 weeks
to begin the Errand? Wouldn’t it need to start now, if not earlier?
Maybe a weed or two earlier… Then Yelts got an idea. He took a jog down
Memory Lane, and then got stuck in traffic, for all of the other
Umberfolk were using this very road to get shopping lists, reading
lists, hit lists, blackmail, ‘urgent message’ mail, postage stamps,
toothbrushes, all sorts of other things. The traffic was even more
congested than usual. A Father, flailing about, was trying to remember
where his missing child was in the Shopping Mall. Knowing that he had
more pressing matters than that of lost children, he jostled his way
through. He went to the Umberbook section and got exactly what he was
looking for: *All Historical Things That’s Happened Ever Since We Have
Started To Write This*. He looked through the many, many sections in
this volume, like the theories of Existence, the discovery of
Intelligence among the early Umberfolk, the loss/abandonment of
Intelligence, the invention and construction of the Wheel of
Fortune[^4], and many other unanswerable quandaries. Yelts flipped right
through these pages of probable ideas right to the beginning of fact:
“The Mythical Journey of the Explorer Emer Ica Nyuckimatie and his
Comrades” as written by Wre the Prophet-Drunk and Toop the Glass Maker.
He skimmed through the entire work, trying to find the clue he had
thought might be here. And finally, he found it.

Quoting:

“ The Bridge to the Next World was found then. We had no idea how we
would cross it. It was an impossible task to be sure. According to the
Naddaland Astronomical Textbook, if you were to travel between any two
Space Rocks, one must pass through an area in Space without Rock, and a
journey just through Space would really suck (the life out of you).

Basically, what that meant was the Bridge wasn’t and couldn’t be made
out of Rock, so we were doomed to die. At that point, Toop stated that
this whole journey was for naught. Then Emer reminded us that our
journey *is* for Naught, and that is why we should keep going. Wre
concurred, and stated that Veronica would take care of us. Wre suddenly
went into a trance. We knew what that meant: Divination Happy Hour. And
this is what Wre spake:

“Emer Ica Nyuckimatie, ye who is so vastly Obtuse. Ye and thy comrades
hast been Chosen to cross the Bridge to the Next World. Ye mayest
believe thy Errand is at its end, but ye be incalculably wrong insomuch
it maketh us Here laugh and pointeth our Fingers. (Oh don’t looketh so
downtrodden; most Everything maketh us giggle) As part of thy Contract,
our Liability causes us to helpeth ye. Behold, we present ye with the
Intangible Symbol!”

After that drunken spiel, the Intangible Symbol appeared, and it was
implanted on Emer.

“This, thy Intangible Symbol, shalt be carried throughout the future
history of the Next World, and when 10,000 years after yon death hast
past, it shalt resurface to do its work again.”

Silence. After a few moments of anticipation, Emer told us that he
understood what Veronica meant for him to do. He then proceeded to take
the Naddaland Astronomical Textbook, looked up the passage that we
referred to earlier, and looked at it with much concentration. Then the
most amazing thing happened: The letters began to glow with a strange
energy. The phrase ‘Space without Rock’ was the highest luminosity out
of all of them. “This event you are about to witness is called
‘transmorgifaltercation’”.

Wondering what that word meant, we waited with much anticipation.
Suddenly, with the most obvious subtlety, the phrase *changed,* that is,
the words ‘without Rock’ shifted to ‘with Outrock’. Toop had the
pronounced pleasure of asking “What’s Outrock?” right before the
question was answered by its sudden appearance, forming a Bridge to the
Next World. Its base, on the surface of where we were standing, was that
of a pyramid, with stairs leading up the side. Instead of a point
however, the stairs just kept going, forming a helix-shape, spiraling
through Space. Toop then said “Well, the Bridge couldn’t be made out of
Rock, I guess it’s made of Outrock!” With these words, the Bridge became
even more stable, crystallized with the new realization. Out of all of
the perils that we have endured so far, we must say that this was the
coolest thing ever! We end this section of notes by saying that Outrock
is quite easily the most beautiful Non-Rock around, especially when the
stars are translucent through it. ”

Yelts had found the information he was looking for. According to the
text, and his own theories of what happened those many thousands of
years ago, all he had to do was transmorgifaltercate the memory of ‘5-7
week delivery’ to ‘5 – 7 week delivery’, and the directions will have
been mailed to him two weeks prior![^5] Brilliance!! He jostled-ran back
up Memory Lane towards home, and he was pleasantly surprised when he
found out that the poor Father looking for his lost child was fortunate
to find him, in the Fancy Underwear section (with today’s Umberfashions,
the lost child was not very happy being there). He arrived back at his
adobe, just in time to find a two-week old delivery appearing at his
door. It worked!

\^ The Plains/Tuesday 3

As you now know, the Plains aren’t ordinary, but the journey there was.
Yelts had opened the Directions to have them say “Go across the Plains.
Stop” before they disappeared. He swam across Rtani with out problems
because he knew the way, and he made it across the Kink-broo because he
didn’t stay for Tea. The town of Er’Oip was next, and we have already
discussed what Yelts did in there, in the ‘Preamble’ chapter (the only
thing that has happened there since we last talked about it: the
champion Sword Fish Fighter, Sockeye Pimble, had gotten himself into a
bit of trouble, or as they say in Er’Oip, ‘had gotten himself into a bit
of fish-netting’). In order to not repeat myself and to have you not
lose your place, go back and read the Preamble again, starting at the \*
in the third paragraph, until you get to the \*\*\*. When finished…

**GO HERE **

…But he didn’t get to the Rtani swamps, for the voice of Veronica
dragged him back from Memory Lane.

“Yelts, ye who is so vastly Drunk! Ye calleth of Guidance. What is it ye
want?”

“Oh Veronica, I need to know how to get across the Plains, like you
asked me to.”

“Yelts, ye already know yon Method. Useth it!”

“But I already have! I used it to make the Delivery travel back in time!
I am so soory I have been so impatient!”

“Yelts, yon Method is to be usethed several times, not justh once!”

“Veronica, I looked in the ‘The Mythical Journey of the Explorer Emer
Ica Nyuckimatie and his Comrades’, and had found he only
transmorgifaltered the Bridge, and nothing more!”

“Oh Yelts, ye hast been deceived. The ‘The Mythical Journey of the
Explorer Emer Ica Nyuckimatie and his Comrades’ never mentions the Other
Times. Ye seeth, after the Bridge was crossed after a 13 month walk (of
which I provided them with several Light Lunches, and a nice,
restorative Stew), we arrived at the Next world, which is in fact here,
the Space Rock Orange. Aftereth that, he causedeth the Bridge to return
to its natural ‘without Rock’ state. Many more times did he open the
Bridge to the people of Naddaland, and it is they that were yon
Umberfolk ancestors.”

“Were is Naddaland, oh Veronica?”

“Naddaland is the big Moon-thingy that orbits Orange.”

“Umberfolk come from the Moon-thingy?!”

“Yes, but don’t ponder it too mucheth. Naddaland wasn’t really a goodeth
place.”

“Well, what about the Other Times you spoke of, Veronica?”

“Those Other Times were when Emer interactedeth with the aboriginal
Gvrittn. The thingeth is, the aboriginal Gvrittn were largely a
perverted people, not given to polite conversation. The ultimate
Downfall for Emer had much ado about double entendres[^6].”

“I don’t know what that means, Veronica, but I am sure that is part of
your Wisdom. Thank you for the information, it has solved the Problem.”

Veronica’s Presence left Yelts without another word. Yelts now faced the
Plains with a new Perception, cracked his knuckles, spit for dramatic
effect, and *pulled at the pretty bow*. As the pretty bow became untied,
the newly unwrapped enigma fell away, and the Plains pieced themselves
back together to form the Plain. Yelts crossed it with ease.
Interestingly, the last time the Plains were successfully traversed was
in 7489 yCGL, and that was because that particular Umberdude, following
peculiar advice, had hopped across, using Gondi-Creakly leaves between
his toes.

\* \* \*

After quite a bit of walking, Yelts crossed the Plain, and reached the
Umbermegalopolis: Nerophilosopherstallionb’Ookedtilltuesday (residents,
as well as everybody else not involved in Umberlaw, call it Tuesday for
short). An Umberpoet once wrote: “Tuesday, it/ Nearly spanned/ Quite a
bit/ Of land” and although it isn’t very good, it became the Patron Poem
of the Umbermegalopolis, and is always quoted with a bit of wonder. Some
say “I wonder why ‘it *nearly* spanned’, Tuesday’s huge!”, while others
ponder “How did *this* poem get to be Tuesday’s Patron Poem?!”

Nevertheless, Tuesday was a **big** place, and it was full of and filled
with people; a handful of interesting people, a pocketful of important
people, and a landfill of uninteresting, unimportant people. It was
brim-filled with buildings, too. It was here that we find the
Observatory of Space, the Observatory of Social Behavior, the
Observatory of Political Happenings, and the Observatory of Holidays.
The biggest merchant area is here also, called the Shopping Mall. But
the most impressive of them all, and more impressive than the Mall, is
in fact, the Ludicrously Huge Clock Tower of Orange (it is here, many
Umberfolk say, that Time began). This overlarge location of cogs, gears,
and, well, clockwork, has put many in awe and some Umberfolk reason that
this Tower is why the Umberpoet said Tuesday *nearly* spanned a great
area as opposed to *all* of it.

Yelts traversed through Tuesday, vastly interested by the boring people
around him, mainly because he has never been here before, and has never
seen this many boring people in one landfill. When he had his fill of
boring-people-land, he meandered through the Shopping Mall, impressed
the most by the musicians, magicians, and mime-icians that performed in
the Checkout Boulevard[^7]

Yelts left the Shopping Mall after a few hours and proceeded to the
Observation sector of Tuesday. The Observatory of Social Behavior showed
him the interesting new fads, fashions, and flavors that the citizens of
Tuesday indulged in: “The red, white, and green Razzberry smock that
everyone loves is now in town!” read an advertising poster. A person who
was reading the poster at the same time as Yelts thought aloud:

“Interesting, and a shame, too. Looks like my Technicolour Dreamcoat
with its dazzling many colours and its Licorice flavor is out of style
now.”\
After the fashion update, the Observatory of Political Happenings held
for Yelts a new bulletin he was interested in; its ‘Election Section’
showed the newly elected and official
Poem-Reciter-of-Nerophilosopherstallionb’Ookedtilltuesday, Chuk
Nu’pice.\
(He isn’t the prettiest fellow to come from Tuiyam, but the article did
say that he could recite Tuesday’s Patron Poem ‘ô \<’ times within ‘\|’
minute whilst deep asleep![^8])

The Observatory of Holidays was far more interesting, for it is in this
building that most of the Holidays were, well, observed. The Observatory
of Holidays was the place that all the Holidays happen at once, and all
the time. “What?” you may blurt out in disbelief, “All at once, all the
time?” In fact, that very phrase you the readers might have said is the
very slogan of the Observatory: “Holidays: All at once, All the time!”
The reason why they are occurring continuously all year round, as
opposed to one day at a specified spot, is because it fits in with
Everyone’s schedule *so* much more easily. Just imagine if the
Groople-Diddy-Munchin Umberholiday was during the course of one day! The
meticulous Planning and the Expense involved! What a laughable thought!
The Observatory gives you all the time you need to spend it on
celebrating your favorite holidays: eating Remi-Snarklemort candies,
participating in Mequill-Tambulputty games, and, of course, riding the
ceremonial Goat-cow of Buh-Zar[^9]. The only thing you are really
required to do is to go to the Gift Shop, which is of course the place
you give a gift of money to the Observatory so they don’t have to resort
to using admission tickets.

The Observatory of Space showed him colour photographs of the white-pale
and shadow-dark Moon-thingy hanging upon the night sky. Yelts verily
remembered what Veronica had told him about Naddaland. Just think: All
civilization on Orange had, in fact, not come from Orange at all.
However much Yelts thought about it, he felt disturbed by it. Yelts
pondered whether or not the Conquering of the Gvrittn Land was a
justified legal action when he suddenly realized that he had forgotten
about the Directions in the buzz and bustle of Tuesday. He stopped to
try to remember what—and the Directions appeared! (Remember, the
Directions had said “Go across the Plains. Stop”, and Yelts hadn’t,
until now) The Directions said “Proceed to Tuesday and Survive the
Attack” before promptly disappearing again. Yelts went over the new
instructions in his head. He had already got to Tuesday, and then it
said “Survive the Attack”…

) WHAM!/Pets 4

The initial blow came from behind, knocking Yelts to the dirt-pavement,
and as he rolled onto his back to face his attacker, he knew by pure
power of deduction that it had nothing to do with domesticated animals.
The attacker wasn’t of course, which goes to show where the pure power
of deduction can take you. Before Yelts could truly see who or what it
was, another WHAM! knocked him aside. Yelts struggled to get up, only to
get–WHAM!–high into the air. Yelts landed on top of one of the many
telescopes in the Observatory and, finally, he had the opportunity to
take a good look at the attacker.

He was much older than Yelts; his size gave that away pretty easily. How
much older Yelts was unsure about, but that didn’t matter now. The other
most distinguishing feature that Yelts noticed immediately was the
black-and-silver battle armor that he wore, exposing no skin whatsoever.
That was a disconcerting fact, when there was no Umberbattles going on;
now that Yelts thought of it, he had never seen that design before. He
took another trip down Memory Lane, and visited the Military History
section. He found that there has never been an Umberwar. This was a good
fact for Umberhistory, but this didn’t offer Yelts any help at the
moment. He went back in the volumes, and found the Umberbook *All The
Different Types And Colours Of Armor That Have Been Made Ever Since We
Have Started To Write This*. This is precisely what Yelts was looking
for. Upon looking through the Table of Contents, there were apparently
many examples of black-and-silver armor, for it took a considerable
amount of the Umberbook itself. It stated that the black-and-silver
style of armor was the first type ever made, way back to Vrik’til[^10].
He flipped through the pages, looking for the type that his attacker was
wearing. When he did, he was verily surprised to read the following
startling entry:

“ Kink-broo Traditional & Ceremonial Armor – worn during Tea.

HISTORY: It is said that the Umberfolk of Kink-broo are a little bit
loony when it comes to their traditional, ceremonial Holiday, which is
known as Tea. The actual ceremony involves drinking a strange brew
derived from strange herbs from a strange, smallish, almost childlike
bowl, with a side handle and flowery designs. They perform this ceremony
at almost the same time every day (they don’t follow Umbertime, so we
can’t say when), and the worst part about the whole business is that
anyone who doesn’t participate in Tea, even passerby, they are subjected
to the most horrible tortures, of the nature of Udo Ntwanto No.”

Udo Ntwanto No! Yelts quivered at the thought. And, to take his panic
further, he realized that earlier, he did go through Kink-broo without
partaking in Tea! Yelts was fully aware of the danger he was in now, and
he had to go face it very soon. He only had few seconds to think of
something before he was whisked away to the Present Reality, and
unfortunately, he didn’t think of anything.

And so Yelts was, once again, face-to-face with Peril. Yelts hadn’t had
a good start with Peril; the entire discourse of their interaction was
full of danger. He especially didn’t like the part with all
the–WHAM!–pain in it. And as Yelts sailed through the air yet again, he
found himself reasoning this way: If I discovered that this is in fact
not Peril, then perhaps I won’t be in quite as much danger, and there
wouldn’t be as much–WHAM!–pain in it.

“Uh, excuse me!” Yelts tried out his plan at the same moment Peril
decided to try his: hold him down for the abuse. “I wouldn’t–WHAM!–mind
if–WHAM!–you’d sto–WHAM!–p for a–WHAM!–second and we could–WHAM!–come to
terms with–WHAM!–a better method–WHAM!–of communicating!” It seemed that
only one plan could work at a time. After a minute or two of some
horrific and gratuitous violence, Plan \#2 (Peril) decided it needed a
coffee break, and thus Plan \#1 (Yelts) could follow through.

“Uh, excuse me! I wouldn’t mind if I knew why I am being attacked, and,
as a matter of fact, I always make it a point to know who is touching
me, whether or not it is soft.”

The black-and-silver figure sifted his weight around for a few seconds,
as if deciding how to respond. But it wasn’t; its feet were tired. And
because it wasn’t enacting the horrific and gratuitous violence, Peril’s
brain started to work, and realized that, hey!, maybe he could at least
try the communication thingy.

“I am a Guardian for the Keeping of Tea. You did not participate in our
most sacred and hallowed tradition and ceremony, and thus, by our most
sacred and hallowed by-laws, you must be subjected to the Udo Ntwanto
No!”

“What if I do want to know?” Yelts attempted.

“What?” came the reply.

“What if I do want to know what the torture is?”

“Oh, I get it; you can’t see it written down. That’s not what it looks
like. It is an ancient language attempting at a modern phrase.”

“Well, what does the phrase say?”

“It says: ‘Worse than Husq’Var![^11] And further more, I am called Ta
B’cawtt!”

Within Yelts’ mind, throughout the fog of despair, hopelessness, and
general melancholy, the name didn’t transpire as “Ta B’cawtt” but as
“Tabby cat”. Barely had those same words cross his lips when he saw the
black-and-silver warrior undergo the transmorgifaltercation into a
common Umberhousehold pet.

\* Anti-Preamble 5

Incidentally, the Tabby cat of Umberland is almost identical to Earth’s,
except for the glow-in-the-dark fur and antenna-style eye stalks. When
he realized that Peril was no longer dangerous, Yelts’ mind fog cleared
up, and thankfully with no traffic accidents. The Directions
appeared––“Go to the end of the World. Bring the Tabby with you”––and
directly disappeared again. It is a well known Umberfact that the end of
the World isn’t hard to get to; he only wondered what the Tabby cat had
to do with anything.

So, after an uneventful journey to the end of the World with the cat,
Yelts reached the east-southern-down shoreline of the entire Continent.
He looked out to sea, and then, looked out the see the Directions––“Good
job, Stupid. Now, WAIT”

And so, Yelts waited.

And waited.

And waited.

Yelts waited for a good long time, minutes even, before he realized that
WAIT is the common abbreviation of ‘Whelshing Antonio’s Irate
Tango’[^12]. Yelts went into full throttle then, bounding up and down
the coastline, flipping off trees, and generally going about. He swung
the Tabby around and into the air, and then the Tabby did the same to
him. Indeed, it was a good bit of Tango.

The Directions showed long enough to say “Cross the Sea of Infinity”.
Yelts puzzled this new bit of information long enough to sit down, only
to have the strange phenomenon rear its ugly and tacky head.

\* \* \*

The Sea of Infinity stretched before Yelts, very much like any other
object that has infinite properties. Yelts has seen many things that
have confounded him, and this definitely was one of them. Unlike all of
the other impossibilities that we have encountered in this prolonged
journey, this is the only one that he didn’t understand. How could an
infinite water mass exist on his world? How could *any* infinite mass
exist; where would all the rest of the world be? There would be no where
to put it!

This was beyond any sort of comprehension, anywhere. “How? HOW??” you
could ask an infinite number of times, and still you wouldn’t get a good
answer. Not even *I* know how it works, *and I’m telling the story!* So
anyway, Yelts was sitting there, the entire infinity of the Sea of
Infinity stretching infinitely before him, and it would take infinite
energy and infinite time to cross, not to mention the infinite swimmer’s
ear. Yelts could sit there for infinite minutes, counting infinite water
molecules, and only wonder when in the infinite past he had a good
breakfast. In mathematics, whenever you use infinity, the sum/product
will always be infinity; it doesn’t make any difference! No matter what
you do, all the answers will be: ∞. “How can you have an Infinite Sea?”
you must be asking by now. This is Umberland, that’s why! “But!–“ No,
shut up, you’re wrong, get over it.

So, if you have something that you can’t get across as a barrier, how
can you?

However, Yelts is a clever lad, and after a while he figured out how he
would cross:\
he would use himself as a boat. “WHAT?!?!” you may ask, adding some foul
language to boot, but before you go on about it, let me explain. Think
in this way: Swimming requires energy. Using a boat saves energy. So if
one were to simultaneously swim (the boat using energy) and ride (the
person saving energy) the net gain would be zero. The bonus that this
mode of transportation provides is that the idea, logic, and execution
of it are so entirely absurd that the Sea of Infinity would let it
through (laughing, naturally).

So, amidst infinite laughs, guffaws, giggles, and general chortling, and
with the Tabby cat resting upon his shoulder, Yelts traversed the entire
expanse of the Sea of Infinity in less than two hours. The main thought
that lingered in Yelts’ mind was this: “How does this Sea exist, and no
one knowing about it?” This then lead to the question of the entire
purpose of his Errand, “*Why*?” so to speak. And Yelts sailed on, not
knowing what lie ahead.

\* \* \*

Yelts was astonished. He didn’t expect that when he reached the other
end of Infinity, but there it was. Yelts was at the legendary Elevator
Down. (This is an equivalent to the Stairway to Heaven of our world, or
is it the Highway to Hell?) The Elevator Down was made of the purest
materials, and it was relatively clean. It just stood there, waiting.

Yelts alleviated the Elevator’s waiting, and took it Down. The only
thing to accompany him was the Tabby, and the Elevator music. Time
seemed to lose all meaning…then the Elevator stopped. Yelts stepped out,
and found himself gazing upon the Clockwork of Orange itself. There were
ten hundred billion trillion semi-metallic parts to this mechanism, and
exponentially more interactions. Some of them made sense, however, as he
looked on, many of them didn’t. With no time to explain even *more*
nonsense, a vastly brilliant darkness impressed upon Yelts.

“Yelts! Ye hast madeth it! Veronica smileth upon ye, and now addresses
thy Errand. The Firsth task: Giveth unto us our needed Tea.” Yelts was
confused on the mediocrity of the task, but he followed through without
fail; he let the cat do it.

After the Tea was drained from its pot (the process of draining seemed
to look like rapid evaporation, but really was a multitude of invisible
spoons) Veronica spake again, “Thanketh ye for the Tea, and now for the
Secondeth task: Replaceth our Tom cat with thy Tabby cat. Oh Yelts, ye
don’teth understand. The only thing that we can’t maintain ourselves is
a cat, and a cat is integral to the Clockwork.” Yelts then observed a
very old and pathetic Tom cat, tugging feebly at a shiny Tassel that
stretched far above them. “Even Veronica can’t keepeth an animal alive
for eternity— we are far too lazyeth. We hast managedeth 10,000 years,
and it’s timeth for retirement.” The Tabby, completely on its own, went
up to the old cat and saluted him. The old cat then immediately
vanished, the air making a burbing sound.

The dark brilliance spake again, “Yelts, the Thirdeth and Finaleth task:
Go home. And when he was about to be off on his way, Yelts asked the
question “*Why?* Why was I chosen? Why me?” To which was the reply:
“***Why not?***”[^13]

The reason why Veronica is defender of the “American Way” is because the
accounts of Emer’s comrades show that he depended on Veronica for safe
passage from his home, Naddaland. It changed from ‘Emericanyckimatie’ to
‘American’ during a 2000-year-long game of Telephone.

“Ǒraa nga Gģg” means (respectively) “Really, very big rock”, “Swings in
oval”, and “Pregnant”

[^1]: The numbering system in Umberland is very incredibly hard to
    translate, let alone read. Just as a point of interest for the
    number freaks out there, their numbers are in base-87, so you ain’t
    gonna wanna even try to do arithmetic with them. I tried: I got a
    nosebleed.

[^2]: Mind you, this definitely isn’t the *American* American Way, as in
    the “Godbless” America, no no. The Explorer Emer Ica Nyuckimatie
    found and conquered the Gvrittn Land, and thus began modern history.

[^3]: No, ‘the Clockwork of Orange’ has nothing to do with *A Clockwork
    Orange*, the Anthony Burgess novel, or any other kind of oranges for
    that matter. “Orange” is a corruption of ancient Gvrittn “Ǒraa nga
    Gģg” which roughly translates into “large space mass that spins
    around in an elliptical orbit which is liable for life”. Direct
    work-for-word translation:

[^4]: The Wheel of Fortune is a big mystery indeed. Many hypotheses
    exist to explain the reasoning behind the mammoth circle of stone;
    perhaps it was a religious construction that connected to part of an
    ancient temple, or maybe it was an astronomical tool to measure the
    stars movements, or even a major role in a very large transportation
    project (most of these conjectures point towards a ‘Giant Unicycle
    Railway’). However, the connection between their Wheel of Fortune
    and our Wheel of Fortune, which the Umberfolk don’t know about, may
    be validated with more research…

[^5]: You may have a couple of questions by now, like, “How the
    \[explicative\] does Yelts read a story about making Bridges of
    Outrock (whatever that is), and be able to come to that
    \[derogative\] conclusion?!? And how could he do it!?! He doesn’t
    have the \[something really demeaning\] Intangible Symbol!!!” Well,
    I’ll give you that; I really didn’t explain it, but I will now: (1)
    Yelts was taking a trip down Memory Lane, which means that he was
    drawing his conclusions from within his own mind, that is, he had
    read a number of other parts of “The Mythical Journey of the
    Explorer Emer Ica Nyuckimatie and his Comrades” before, and within
    those parts, they had theorized on the nature of
    transmorgifaltercation. Using the arguments, he had come to his own
    conclusions. (2) Yelts got the Symbol implanted on him some time
    ago. He only knew about its existence the morning afterwards, during
    a particularly painful hangover.

[^6]: A ‘Double entendre’ (the e’s are pronounced as ‘aw’) is a phrase
    that has two meanings: a normal one, and a very perverted one. Mind
    you, double entendres are mainly used in sexual jokes. The
    implications of a transmortifaltercation on a double entendre are
    very, shall we say, *delicate*.

[^7]: The Checkout Boulevard is by far the worst Umberpublic institution
    that has ever been established. It is worse than the awful Chicken
    Pelvis Restaurant. It overshadows the infamous
    ‘Slip-n-Slide-into-a-Giant-Bucket-of-Various-and-Nasty-Lipids’ Fun
    Park. It contains more Umberfolk daily than New York, the Vatican,
    Tokyo, London, Mexico City, and Antarctica combined. Many have used
    the Checkout Boulevard as a metaphor; phrases like “the Train of
    Impatience”, “the Path of Purgatory”, and “the River of Bodily
    Stench” are heavily associated with it. Mind you, the rest of the
    Checkout process is extremely efficient. All the items that are
    placed in the carts are automatically price checked, added on to the
    current price, and each cart is assigned an Identification, so that
    when you get up to the Checkout Register, you can have your
    Umbermoney ready to be taken by the Tuiyam-raised Umbermonkeys, so
    you can get out of there. As for how many times one goes through the
    Checkout Boulevard, many people treat it as a biannual event of
    getting everything you need for the next three years, consisting of
    a gargantuan feast before and afterwards (left-overs) for the entire
    neighborhood. “Why does the Shopping Mall exist in one area, as
    opposed to all over the place in little buildings?” you may ask.
    Well, apparently, since shopping is a necessary evil in modern time,
    the Umberlogic follows thusly: ‘If shopping is a necessary evil,
    then it is both necessary and evil. Because it is necessary, we must
    have it. Because it is evil, we must not encourage it. Following the
    former statements, we must have it, but not encourage it. Therefore,
    it must be in as little area as possible’. It seems that they never
    had to endure that pain that it is of driving down a major highway
    and only noticing towns with the current popular retail chains that
    are there.. That kind of thing really depresses me, even more so
    than the imprisonment/enslavement of the Tuiyam-raised Umbermonkeys.

[^8]: Now *that’s* what I call **talent**!

[^9]: It is interesting to note that Umberfolk celebrate Holidays that
    aren’t from Umberland, from all other eras as well: Brimp Holidays,
    Vrik’til Holidays, Gvrittn Holidays, and even Preinvasionory-Land
    Holidays. The Holidays that Umberfolk celebrate are very interesting
    to study, each celebration more bizarre than the other. The
    Umberholiday Groople-Diddy-Munchin is a week-long feast dedicated to
    the brave Umbersouls who first founded the Groople-Diddy, the best
    source of Groople in all of Umberland. Remi-Snarklemort candies are
    made from Remi, fried toad-like creatures. Classic
    Mequill-Tambulputty games include ‘Pudding Masher’,
    ‘Push-the-Magic-Dragon-Up-the-Cliff’, and
    ‘Hit-the-Guy’s-Head-and-Run-Away’.\
    Riding the ceremonial Goat-cow of Buh-Zar is almost completely
    self-explanatory.

[^10]: That particular Umberbook further mentions the many other colours
    and styles of armor. The inventor Tiddlywinks “Ezr”
    Membrane-Buttucks (very silly name to Earthlings and Umberfolk
    alike) came up with a whole new configuration: Polka dots! The now
    widely excepted standard is, of course, green, yellow and mauve
    Umberplaid (which is worse than Earth’s; it’s pentagonish). Not just
    for battle, either: there are also the armors that made you look
    much more muscular, armors that made you look much more fashionable,
    and armors that made you look much more like a Cocker spaniel.

[^11]: For all of you who aren’t well versed in Umberentertainment,
    here’s the scoop: Husq’Var is infamous. He started out as one of the
    mime-icians at the end of Checkout Boulevard, and slowly worked his
    way to the beginning of it. People loved him; they always threw him
    a bone. Eventually, he got so good at miming that he was featured on
    the Late Morning Variety Umbershow! His Umberfans cheered him on all
    way through. Finally, at the end of his act, when he was asked to
    tell his life long dream, he proudly said “To always be on the Late
    Morning Variety Umbershow!” Mind you, the point of the Variety
    Umbershow is to have Variety, as in, no repeats. What young Husq’Var
    was asking was to break down the entire system of
    Umberentertainment. Point number two: Husq’Var had really bad teeth,
    mainly because of all the bones that he got. Point most Impertinent:
    Husq’Var was a mime because his voice was at the precise frequency
    of annoy. It was only by the efforts of the marketing genius at the
    Late Morning Variety Umbershow and her specially designed
    ‘Annoy-Proof Earmuffs’ did Husq’Var ever get anywhere. Not to
    mention that he wasn’t that entertaining when he wasn’t a mime.
    Unfortunately, a freak accident occurred, and it allowed him to
    achieve his dream. Another freak accident occurred, this one
    prolonging the first one, which is the real tragedy.

[^12]: Whelshing Antonio was a semi-popular Umberrockband about 42 years
    ago. The group only had two songs: one was a tune named “Chamita, We
    Hardly Knew Ye” (it was about a fish); the other was the Irate
    Tango. Over time, the Irate Tango took the hearts of all the
    listeners. Of course, it was apprehended for its crimes, but
    everyone forgave it.

[^13]: THE END
