---
date: 2021-02-26T00:27
tags:
- note
- harriet-starr
---

You’re probably wondering how in the world that the magic users of Harry
Potter figured out how to do space travel, and create such a thing as a
galactic empire. Well, lemme tell you, it wasn’t easy. First, they had
to come out of hiding to save the world from global warming. That was
the beginning of the Magic Age, and everyone was grateful for their work
in reducing carbon in the atmosphere and all the other stuff they did.
Mostly what happened was they sequestered the existing carbon by
extracting the carbon from the atmosphere and sealing it underground as
solid graphite. Then, the magic users couldn’t got back into hiding
could they. They didn’t know how much magic it would take to erase all
those memories, but they did, and they tried , but it just wourldn’t
work. There were too many people who know now, and with there being the
internet and all there was now way that they were able to keep a secret
like they did in the dinosaur age. So anywhoodle, they decided that the
couldn’t be in hiding anymore, so they decided to try to integrate with
muggle society. That part wasn’t easy. There were people who trying to
protest their ways, saying that it was like satanist stuff, and people
all over the world assumed that the world was coming to an end because
magic users were now in the open. However, more and more people began to
accept them into their societies, and after about 20 years, most of the
doubters had quieted down and now there was a way into the world for the
mages of ages past. So, they did what they normally did, living life in
their special neighborhoods. But, a few curious mages decided that they
were going to live with the muggles, right next to them even (think
people like Author Weasley). So, after a time, people started to accept
mages, even when they started popping up on their own in the general
population. See, when the Statute of Secrecy was repealed, magic users
were no longer whisked away to secret schools in order to learn. They
started finding each other on the internet and teaching each other new
things. Once the schools realized this was going on, they started
excepting more and more diverse students into their fold that was a way
to make sure that the kids weren’t getting into trouble and all that
nonsense. So schools like Hogwarts and Madam du whatsit and durmstrang
had to accept more students, and more schools had to be built while the
demand was growing. And it was growing, because as soon as inventors
found out about magic, magitechnology was born. Mixing magic and
technology turns out to work pretty well since spells can inhabit
objects, and those objects can in turn cast spells independently of
their owners. That was figured out by Maxine Stromboli, a janitor’s
assistant in South America. She enchanted mops to do their own mopping
and they started casting cleaning spells instead of mopping. That was
something really cool that happened in the past and that I’m telling you
about right now.

So, how did they get into space? you ask, where the Star Wars part of
the story takes over. You see, when magitech was applied to space
travel, at first they used spells to make things bigger on the inside
than on the outside, you know, to get delivery rates over their old
ways? Anyway, they figured out how to make that cool space fluid mixture
I hinted at earlier in the manuscript, where it isn’t really flammable
until it’s ignited? Kinda like blast gel? Anyway, the thinking went that
if you increased the side of the ships inside, that’s would solve the
affordability crisis of space travel, and because the fuel didn’t leave
any pollution, that would be the cause of celebration of space
enthusiasts and environmentalists at all the same time. So, this was a
good time to be a magitech engineer, you never had any shortage of jobs.
So, NASA sent out it’s first magic rocket about fifty years after
contact with the magical community, and they launched their first rocket
to mars shortly after that.