---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Man, that is really tedious to try to write out how I feel about
something instead of having a character voice speaking though me. But
then again, there is the fact that I’ve been going at this for house and
hours today, and I’m nearly going to write more than 8k words in one
day, you mark those words because they need to be counted for the
competition, oh boy am I loosing the thread of this novel right now. At
least it’s not like it was back in 2013 when I won with a manuscript
that was about half my ramblngs about my personal feelings.

I definitely couldn’t get that manuscript edited with all that stuff out
of it fast enough. After I removed those parts, I had a manuscript that
was about 25k words and it was mostly prose like this, where I’m just
talking at the top of my head and writing it down instead of getting
into a character, which is more fun, trust me.

It’s going to be different this year, I’m not going to have any personal
ramblings except for this kind of stuff, my goal is to not have half the
manuscript go missing after I edit those parts out. But words are words.
Then again, I am at the end of a long and stressful day, and maybe I
should rest instead of continuing to do this ting. Then again, I am in
the middle of a word war right now, so I’ll finish that up and then call
it a night. I’ll do something else that’s relaxing, or I’ll just watch
some TV, which is also good.

Maybe the school name is wrong, I thought that I might have called it
something else, earlier, and the fact that it’s got intuitionist in the
name is a bit overly direct, I need it to be less X-men and more Harry
Potter, which means a silly name for a silly place in a silly world.
Well, not that silly, there are some grim things that happen in harry
potter I guess. I should make it scarier at the scary parts.
