---
date: '2020-11-24T13:51'
tags:
- writing/novels/jilro
- age/highschool
- 'age/year-of-desperation'
---

# Raw NaNoWriMo for Jil’Ro

JIL’RO

Jillian Roe Patterson was at her usual spot in her second-floor bedroom:
by her computer. It was a late Saturday afternoon and there was no way
that she was ever going to do anything on a late Saturday afternoon
except catch up on her favorite web comic known as Balloon and Pin. It
was a long running web comic, one of the first that she ever heard of
and she was on the internet for a long while before many of her friends
were. She was the one searching for Lisa Frank artwork on the web, the
first one to get a facebook when it was made available to noncollege
students , and she was the first one to experiment with WOW before she
realized that she was addicted and her grandmother Grace had to take
away the internet and get Jill a library card. Balloon and Pin is the
collected adventures of Balloon man and Pin man. One, Balloon man, is
actually Ballooon Hand Man, and he has balloon hands and they can become
lots of different shapes and his purpose in life was too entertain the
children but then along came Pin man a man made out of Pins and he
follows Balloon around trying always to pop the balloon hands and such.
The adventures started about pretty normally for that, but they whole
point of the web comic for the artist is to write a story graphically in
every genre ever. The website has been updated for a long time now and
at the current moment, Balloon and Pin are in a romantic comedy, going
to the Navy pier and stuff like that, so Jill was pretty excited to be
witnessing that sort of thing and she’s drinking her Mountain Dew even
though she’s exceeded her daily limit, oh goodness how Grace gives her
grace in life but cannot express how much Grace loves her when her
parents split and Jill didn’t chose either of them, but chose Grace
instead. Yes, Grandma Grace was the rock in Jill’s life and not even the
cheating divorcées that call themselves her parents can compete with the
grandmother that doesn’t leave, doesn’t change, and only death will
separate them its not like Grace as was going to dies soon anyway, but
it did occur to her sometime, but only in brief seconds between cookie
sheets and warm cookies. And the stray cats. Stray cats are by far the
thing that unites the two girls, separated by generational differences.
Both of them loved to care for strays for brief moments in time between
releasing them into the cold, wild concrete city that they live in.
Stray cats were a distraction away from the decadence that Grace
believed that the city would bring to her precious Jil’ro. Jil’ro.
That’s a name that Grace came up with when Jill was very little.
Cradling her in her warm, wrinkly arms, Grace said that a good name for
a baby needs to be simple and easy to say and especially for her little
friends, when she starts to get them. But that was the cradling time,
not quite time for true friendship. But Jill wasn’t the most charismatic
or sociable person, and never grew up to be that person. She spent much
time on the computers. Grace couldn’t help but think of all of those
science fiction movies that she watched when she was a teenager, and how
distant that danger was for her, but how now brown cow that the future
always comes true, doesn’t it? It’s almost like God knows, and he likes
to poke his head in sometimes and tell us what the future is in ways
that he we cannot understand. It is his sense of humor, more than likely
. Computers aren’t alive, or they wont be for a while. That’s why she
likes to call the desktop Robbie. Hopefully, Robbie stays on the
Forbidden Planet like he’s supposed to . Don’t turn into Gort, please
spare the rest of us.

But cats. They are the things that are alive and at that Roe will like ,
to care for, to connect with, and that’s good.

It was this particular. Saturday that a crazy cat came in to Jillian’s
life that would be the end of normality. This was a day that would go
ton to be the most important one ever. No one could ever predict this.
If god existed and he was poking his head in , he would be laughing his
ass off about now. Jill would never know. Well, not for the next few
weeks anyway.

When there was a scratching at the door, the screen door that separated
out the grandmother’s house from the rest of the city, there is a little
foyer that Grace uses to leave food out for the strays. If a stray wants
the food enough, it’ll scratch. Thats what has always happened, anyway.
Here was a sratching, but this scratching seemed more subtle, like a
door knocking type of a scratching, as opposed to the desperation of a
dumb animal. Well, not dumb, just uneducated, unavailable for education.
Its seemed to Grace that this particular scratching was intellegent. The
feeling left her, and was quickly replaced with the usual response to a
hungry stray, to help them with the door, to always let the little
montsters in, and eat of the hospitality that was of Grace’s kitchen.

Grace, calling towards the upstairs, “Jilro, there’s a stray. Got off
that damned Robbie and get down here to help connect with and welcome
out little guest.”

“Granny, what kind is it?”

“No, you can’t look it up on Wikipedia. You can’t update Twitter or
FaceBook to do that sort of thing. You cannot do that you just need to
get your tuckis down here.”

Jill was happy to log out of the computer. She was feeling her body
start to decay form lack of movement, to atrophy her soul. She only
needed a helpful figure like Grace to get her wakeful. She had little
amount of willpower to work with after all. She went down the hardwood
stairs and around the corner to the kitchen where the outer door entered
into, where the strays come into .Strays were meant to come in from the
back, Grace said. You can’t expect any more people in the front door,
those are all just drunks, homeless, drug dealers, drug users, pimps,
prostitutes, and Jehovah Witness’s. Yes, the back door is the true way
that strays should come in. That’s how we should do things.

So the cat was finally let in. It actually stopped periodically through
the whole process, which made Grace think those odd things again, but
she left those thoughts in the back corner of her mind again. Is she
getting senile? Is death that much closer? While she ponders, that, the
second door was finally opened, and the cat was able to come into the
foyer where the food was.

When Jill arrived on the scene, she was startled by the look of the
stray. To begin with, it was a cat, but that wasn’t too odd, because
most of the strays were dogs or cats. Cats were pretty common in this
part of the city. that roaming dog packs tended to form on the east part
of town. This cat was different though. It was oddly shaped. She noticed
first that the face of the cat was more squat than usual. More like a
pug dog’s face. Two stripes below the circular pupils. Green with a bit
of brown in the middle. Short ears. Dots and spots on the top of it’s
head. The tail was very bushy, like cats are when they are angry but
this one picked it out like an afro. A tailfro. It were more stripes
down the back side, and short legs. It was easily the weirdest cat that
she had ever seen. But somehow more familiar than she could possibly
know. This was the oddest thing that she had felt since the first time
that she realised that Balloon and Pin wasn’t about balloon hands or
pins, it wasn’t about whether or not the kids laugh at their antics, it
wasn’t about whether or not they were going to solve the mystery of the
Haystack, it wasn’t about whether or not they were going to fall in love
or be too scared to try, but rather about graphic literature, and the
position that is has in the world, and whether or not anyone cares about
art that doesn’t have superheros in it.

The cat’s eyes, that was the weirdest part. She could tell that there
was an intelligence there, an intelligence that went far beyond the
normal animal intelligence, that the light shining in those green-brown
eyes that this was the kind of intelligence that you could use an abacus
for, at least an abacus, maybe even a graphic calculator if the cat ever
got opposable thumbs. Maybe the kind of intelligence that the people see
all the time on Animal planet, but Jill never quite believes in. She ‘s
just had doubts is all. Shes’ never seen anything that couldn’t have
been photo-shopped or hoaxed at one point in time, she has always had
crushing skepticisms. Because of this she had a hard time trusting in
people. That’s why she prefers strays and the internet. At least on the
internet you could ignore all the pathological liars, and call them out
on his or her lies without them knowing who you are, and attacking your
ego, your frail, frail ego. The only one that truely believes in you all
the time is Granny, the only person that doesn’t care who you are just
as long and you are your best self. Mommy and daddy aint like that. They
expect things from you, things you cannot provide. Mommy wants you to go
to liberal arts school like she did, so you can teach like she did, so
you can have job security like she did. Like that gave you security,
that didn’t give you life security like Granny does. Daddy wants you to
go to law school like he did, or business or something like that, so you
can get a job in the private sector and have a job with at least a bit
of freedom so you can go and live life instead of being in a school
until you’re a geriatric and die. But you let your marriage get cold and
die, didn’t you Daddy? Granny can’t do that to me. She wont, and she
never will. Ever.

The cat was starting at her. Like reading her mind or something. How is
that? How is that cat reading her mind? No one has that kind of stare, I
don’t care who you are. Are you a mind reader, little cat?, cause I’m
not. No one can do that. Nobody.

“Granny, is that cat a mind reader?” “What do you mean Jil’ro?”

“That cat. It’s staring into my soul. It needs to stop.”

“Well, if that cat can read minds, maybe it can tell you went to go out
into the sunlight on a Saturday. It’s not like you ever do anymore
homework on Saturdays. You just sit inside all the time. On the other
hand, this cat has been out and about all day long. And probably has
been to more places than we think it has. Maybe you can learn something
from this cat? Learn something about how it lives life, out in the
open?”

“Maybe, Granny, maybe. Maybe it can teach me how to get frosting on my
tips, like it does on it’s fur. Maybe, in time, it can teach me how to
cat burgle.”

They both laughed a bit. Light chuckles and such. They had no idea that
they were 2000% right about everything they just said. It was freaking
cool. How they didn’t know. I’m totally psyched about telling you this
story.

Anyway, so the cat starts purring. The kind of purring that a cat makes
when being petted and loved, not talked about in the third person and
ignored. It hasn’t even eaten the food that Grace put out for it.

“Maybe that cat isn’t hungry, maybe he or she wanted to put in a social
call for the whole of everybody.”

“Possibly. I mean, it hasn’t touched the Fancy Feast you put out. That
gets them most to the time. Maybe if you switched to Meow Mix it’ll eat
and then be happy. Maybe it’ll sing for us, too.

“Just thinking about that makes me very happy inside, Jil’ro.”

The cat perked out its ears, its short, short ears. That is a weird cat
all right. Jill couldn’t quite figure it out. Maybe that cat will sing
and dance and do the abacus and show her a thing or two, but probably
not.

Maybe Jill does need to get out more. Maybe she does need to get away
from her escapism. Maybe she does need to ge more sunlight her soft,
pale skin. But there are some clouds rolling in. Maybe it’ll rain, and
Jill couldn’t help but think about how much that would ruin a perfectly
good walk.

The cat didn’t go for the food when they first started talking about it.
But, about halfway through their conversation, it did. No singing and
dancing. No abacus. No life lessons learned. Just munching. But those
eyes, the tail, those markings. What kind of cat is that?

“I’m going back upstairs.”

“Why?”

“I need my camera”

“Why?”

“I need to upload a picture of this cat. So I can figure out what is it.
I’ve never seen a cat like that before, Granny.

“I haven’t either, but I’m sure that our little friend isn’t going to
stay long enough for a photo shoot and a library search.”

“Granny I know you know how much I’ve got to figure this stuff out.
It’ll bother me the rest of the day. Possibly for the rest of my life.

“Fine. Go fetch Robbie, and have him do everything for you.

“Granny, it won’t cause all of the technology in the world to stop. I
promise. I just need to find out what kind of cat this is.”

“Fine. But if this oven stops working while I’m baking, I’m coming after
you.”

It wasn’t much a of a big deal to fetch the camera. It was on the part
of the bookshelf in Jill’s room to hold all of the electronic
paraphernalia that she uses. The camera, the digital photo frame that
her parents got for her when they split up. The books on her shelf are
not much suprise for a girl of her age. She tended to keep a copy of all
the books she read in school that she liked, so Number the Stars, Tom
Swayer, Huck Finn, Wrinke in time so on. She has some Tim O’Brien in
there, she was introduced to him by a boy that had an irreversible crush
on her. She didn’t like him for the same reason that she didn’t like any
nobody. Too untrustworthy. She’s read those adult books. She’s heard
about cheating. Who’s stopping Charlie to do that to her? Plus, Charlie
lives on the other side of the city and there is no way that Granny
would drive her through the city, nothing in the whole world that would
convince her. Granny was afraid of the people that live here. It wasn’t
the fact that some of them weren’t white, she’s said over and over,
again. It’s just the fact that all people can be addicted to crack and
want to murder for it. Anybody can wield a gun. Nobody can dodge them
every well. That’s all. So, no Charlie boyfriend for Jill.

Once the camera had been fetched and turned on, Jill went back
downstairs to the room, where the cat was still eating. It seemed like
the cat had waited for her to return. What a weird cat. How is it that
it’s still working on it. First, its’ s a master of etiquette, a working
connoisseur of manners, waiting for the humans to tell it can eat. And
how it is waiting for her? With the camera in her hand, she can begin to
investigate the most elusive mystery, what species of cat this is.

The camera took the photo effortlessly. The cat finished the plate. It
looked at the humans again. It looked from Granny all the way around the
kitchen t o Jill. It’s studying the scene; Jill know this but didn’t
know this.

Granny had to show the cat out. Strays are only temporary guests, didn’t
you know. The cat seemed to understand, and it seemed like it was making
obvious plans to come back and further the plot.

The forums that Jill found weren’t too helpful to begin with. They all
didn’t know what it was. Sure, they all pretended to know, but they were
making stuff up. They argued back and forth with angry words whether or
not it was a mix of this or that kind of cat. But none of them were of
any authority. I mean, they can’t spell, or write full sentences. Of
course they didn’t know anything. They only eliminated the possibilities
of what it was not. It was only the next time that they cat showed up
when Jill was prepared for the knowledge that was about to become privy
to.

Two weeks after, on another Saturday afternoon. Raining. She didn’t know
how it was possible, but she was looking on Wikipedia., and somehow, she
found it.: Pallas’s cat. The article described what the cat looked like
immediately: the ears, the eyes, the tail, the stripes, the everything.

Then the information that threw more confusion to the situation. The
cats are native to Asia. How is it that an Asian cat native to the
Himalayas for Pete’s sake, wind up in America? And it’s a wild cat, and
no body would have possibly kept it was as pet. Maybe it was cat to
somebody that like to raise exotic pets, the ones that you can’t always
get in a pet store, like that one show that they have on Animal Planet?
Maybe. She was about to figure out how much it would be to buy an
Pallas’s cat on eBay or somtehing like that when her granny shouted form
the kitchen.

“Jill, that weird cat is here again.

“Oh god. how could this happen?

Jill got to the kitchen, and there it was. Granny didn’t even have any
food out this time, and she came back, for a social call. She was one
fucking weird, you know? There was no way that this cat should be going
out of way just for a social call. Too many coincidences. But if there
weren’t any coincidences, would this be a story?

“Granny, you know where this cat actually comes from?

“So don’t know, Jil’ro, I don’t know. I don’t think that it’s of this
earth.

“Granny, of course it’s of this earth. Just not of this city. This is a
Pallas’s cat, it comes from Asia. You know, China and shit.

“Don’t you curse, young lady.

“Sorry Granny, I’m just saying that I read about it on Wikipedia.”

“Oh, so that ’s that huh? All the knowledge?

“I couldn’t find anything on any forums, anyway, I think that somebody
may have bought this cat because it’s exotic. Like somebody owning a
tiger.

“Maybe it came from the zoo?

“Doubtful. We would have read about it in a newspaper.

“True. You know, that makes sense. I agree with that. People keep snakes
and rocks as pets, why not a manageable tiger?

“OK, that cat is definitely starting to freak me out now. Shy away,
little tiger! You should be back with your owner, whoever that is.”
