---
date: '2020-11-23T16:08'
tags:
- writing/fragment
- writing/story
- age/highschool
---

# Toni Theo

Toni gave the taxicab the finger, fully erect and waving. She wasn’t too
happy to use this gesture on someone with whom she really didn’t know
anything about (really), but life sometimes makes silly. She figured she
might as well make the best of things and fully enjoyed the taxicab
driver’s face as he speed away…leaving her to her own.

The docks weren’t that great of a place, but Toni didn’t have many
options. Within a few minutes, she didn’t find anybody, and she assumed
that the place was deserted. She checked the front of the index card in
her brown leather purse: “The Docks. 8:00pm. Alone.” Sighing, she sat
down to wait…

After a bit of waiting, she decided to check her Timex. It clearly
stated 9:46pm. This made Toni, at best, *irritated*. She knew these guys
were big time, and big time usually includes punctuality, right? She was
awash with emotive thoughts: some of them concluded that the guys were
hacked, some believed they were testing/toying with her, and still yet
another realized that her watch was on Eastern Timex, and that the guys
were probably on Mountain time. That left her to be and hour and
fourteen minutes early, as opposed to them being an hour and forty six
minutes late. She sat down near one of those horrible boxes again, and
waited more…

‘Okay,’ Toni said to herself, ‘now I am officially at three hours, and
they haven’t shown. I didn’t come here to get pneumonia’. At this point
in time she had given to withdrawing her arms into her blouse to keep
her upper body warm. She *really* wanted to take off her high-heels but
she feared frostbite, and with no one to help her, she would not be
happy about that. Just when she was about to give up waiting, a car
appeared– the fog enshrouded it at first, but it turned out to be a
silver hatchback, which is what she was told to look for on the back of
the index card: “Hatchback. Silver. Four men.” The four men opened the
car doors, removed themselves from the vehicle, and slammed them shut;
very much like they were in a film about gangsters. They all approached
Toni in an overly-coordinated linear formation, and their faces were set
to “intimidation” mode.

The intimidation didn’t remotely work. “Hey, jackasses! My Timex says
11:00 Eastern Time! You were supposed to be here an hour ago!”

The bald one (farthest to Toni’s left) looked at his Rolex, “My watch
says 8:00. We ain’t an hour late, lady.”

Suddenly, the blonde, wavy-haired one (to the immediate right of Rolex
Baldie) poked the Rolex with his index finger, “Wait! Ain’t we on
Pacific Time?” To this remark Rolex Baldie’s face crumpled like an
insect slammed together by heavy Bibles. A self-served slap in the face
completed this effect.

“You mean to tell Toni Theo that you guys were on the wrong time too?”

NOTES FOR “THEO”
----------------

Toni “Theo” Ryans: Is she crazy? Why does she think she is a god? Is
she? We won’t ever officially know, but this question is the driving
force of her character. She believes she is a god, therefore she can do
anything she wants, including killing any normal human, and cursing
anyone she needs dead.

The Finger: The curse Toni uses to kill others.

Gregg Chesterfield: Crime lord that Toni conflicts with. Toni believes
that Gregg is a god too. What if she is right?
