---
date: '2020-11-23T18:13'
tags:
- writing/homework
- age/university
---

# Design Analysis, “The Gregg Reference Manual, Tenth Edition” by Samuel Hatfield

When the book is first looked at, we see a cover design that strives for
sophistication. The title, the Gregg Reference Manual, is a bold,
ornate, white font on a purple background. Underneath the title and the
author’s name, there are small italic letters with a “parchment”
background, imitating a handwritten lecture. Over the author’s name and
the “parchment”, there is a gloss overlay with the letters GRM in the
same font as the title. TENTH EDITION is included above the title,
within a marbled burgundy box. The book is spiral-bound, with a extended
back cover that forms a flap. This flap is printed with a miniature
six-year calendar (2004–2009) and a map of world time zones.

The interior design is entirely simplistic when compared with the cover.
There are two colors used, blue and burgundy. All of the text is in
blue, and accentual design elements are in burgundy. The text is
arranged in rules, in outline format, with each rule having a
corresponding number and letter. All headings are in burgundy and
obviously separated by text size. When tables are needed in the text to
visually organize information, they are shown without any table borders.
Most of the rule numbers are within burgundy ovals with white text.
There are no reoccurring features. Examples used to demonstrate a rule
are in small text, using italics to emphasize selected words and
phrases.

MEMO TO: Matthew Baldwin

FROM: Samuel Hatfield

DATE: December 1, 2009

SUBJECT: Gregg Reference Manual Design Requirements

The time is nearly up for the 11^th^ edition of the GRM, and I’ve been
asked to review the design on the

10^th^, to try and suggest some things that may make the new book
maintain its excellence, and improve

upon that excellence, if we can manage it.

In terms of our accomplishments, I’d say that the 10^th^ has many strong
points. It’s easy to read, with few distracting elements, it does
something different by having non-black text, it uses an alternative
binding to make rule reference easier, and it’s got a sophisticated
cover. But as always, there are areas in which to be even better.

To begin with, I always wondered about the spiral binding on the 10^th^.
Sure, it makes page flipping a

little bit easier, but it doesn’t work in other important ways. In terms
of functionality, the pages are easier to separate from each other when
looking up rules, but they are also easier to separate from the book
itself. I’ve seen loose pages from GRM, and they reminded me of a cheap
spiral notebook that small children use, not a reference manual that
business people use.

That is not the image that this book strives for, especially with that
sophisticated cover we’ve got on there. The two elements clash, and that
needs to be fixed. There are types of binding that can still give us the
functionality of a book that is frequently opened and remains opened
while still keeping the pages inside the book where they belong, as well
as making the GRM more professional looking. We should get someone to
research that.

Now for the second part, in regards to color. The interior design is
what we need: simple and direct reference material. But there are a few
problems here as well. The book only uses two colors, blue and burgundy.
The text is blue, and accentual features are burgundy. This is a
four-color book that has a feel of being a two-color book. What was the
reason for that again? Yes, there aren’t any distracting colors when
looking up rules, but if we can afford to do four-color, lets do
four-color.

There are three different units in this book, why not color-code them
too? If we were to use the color scheme on the 10^th^ cover, one section
would be burgundy, one section would be purple, and one section would
have that textured parchment design. The text being a dark color other
that black is fine with me, and I think it helps with eye strain, but we
should use at least three other accentual colors, rather than burgundy
by itself.

There is another small issue that deals with color. Why are some of the
rule reference numbers in burgundy oval fills and white text while other
rules are just burgundy numerals? There never was an explanation for
this in the book, at least, where normal people would look. We need to
either explain it or get rid of it. And, sometimes the person editing
the book won’t notice all of our notes and exception passages at the end
until they’ve already made their correction. Can we get that in a
different color too?

Another pet peeve I have about the way these rules aren’t encoded at all
is how we include the rules “from other authorities” (like rule 527c)
but we make no attempt for them to look or be different than our rules.
We must separate the advice from other authorities and our advice, lest
we confuse the user of the book, and we don’t need to confuse them.
We’ve only included those other rules as an FYI anyhow, why not color it
differently, perhaps even make a featured box out of it.

Well, that about does it for me. I’m sure that you’ll take these
suggestions into consideration for your design of the 11^th^ edition of
the Gregg Reference Manual.

Good luck,

SH
