---
tags:
- 'theodore-melliah'
- scene
- age/highschool
---

# Part One

Theodore was all alone. Not surprising, and he liked it that way. He
couldn’t think of a time he wasn’t truly alone. He almost considered
other people an annoyance anyway. Anytime he would approach them they
would say things like ‘Look out!’ or ‘Don’t rob me!’ or ‘I have two
wifeoids and twelve offspring!’ He knew of course that they would only
act that way as long as it was convenient for them to be out of danger.
Afterwards, they schemed and plotted how to kill him. You have to
realize that he was a Human. And no one wants a Human.

Taking his mind off of his circumstances, Theodore returned his mind to
his ship. He sailed across the clouds exactly the way the wind blows
across the Hy’Klar Desert 20,000 kilometers below. His open-air ship was
constructed of the finest Hy’Dyong wood, and he worked long and hard
nights to get all the necessary materials for the sails. Naturally, the
sails were the most important part of the ship; without them, he
wouldn’t be able to block out the harsh sunlight of Hy, the resident
Class-3 hydrogen-fusion reaction. Plus, many sky-sailors have other
psychological affections for sails. The rest of the ship wasn’t *that*
hard to make: the Type 4b Narko-Synonmus Pusher engine, with all of its
Sylocate coatings and Uzerats, wasn’t a particular trouble, and the
Byril-Techot Suspention System was almost as easy as spitting hypermelon
seeds. Many Humans are naturally good thieves.

Particulars aside, Theodore sailed onward. The wind was hot in his eyes,
burning. The smell of rot and metal was thrust into his olfactories.

“Almost there.”

He was currently heading towards Skycity Yab-trila, in an attempt to
barter his way back to the living. He scanned the horizon, searching for
any stragglers. He had to be careful, for when you are on the death
list, anyone can be executioner. He had already narrowly avoided being
killed about thirty-three times within the last week; yet another
personal record broken. As I have said, no one wants a Human.

A smallish speck appeared upon the horizon. Theodore quickly verified:
it had to be a ship. The kind of ship he couldn’t tell. Donning his
magnifying Lenscope, he focused. When the unfocus-haze cleared, he
recognized the huge, rust-coated ship with scarlet sails, and a recent
Human corpse hanging as an emblem. The source of the rust: blood.
Theodore started to have doubts as to his survival in this particular
situation. It was no small task, avoiding painful fatality from a
dreaded Nekros Bloodboat.

The offending object raced towards him at an alarming rate; Theodore
roughly calculated 54 meters/second. If he tried to flee, within three
minutes they would be upon him, and in four minutes he will be brutally
killed by long-range explosives. If he tried to fight, within two
minutes he would be falling at roughly 19.73 meters/second/second,
destined to be liquefied by the sudden stop on the Hy’Klar desert floor.
Theodore quickly attempted to think of an alternate plan, but within the
first minute, he got nothing. Figuring it would stall some time at the
very least, he barrel-rolled into an X Cloud.

During the descent, Theodore donned Habre-constructed protective
face-gear; otherwise the Tzati-compounds in the X Cloud would have
burned his lungs and dissolved his eyes, not to mention having serious
skin afflictions. The breather system in the face-gear worked perfectly,
straining the air for only the just-right molecules that Theodore could
breathe. These X Clouds were, naturally, a suspension of Tzati-, Nehmo-,
and Wampum-compounds within a vapour-based Gulgor Matrix. You may ask,
“What does *any* of this have to *do* with the *story*?” I tell you,
**everything**.

Particulars aside, The Yekite-clad Bloodboat, seeing that its quarry
dived, followed the dangerous decent. The Nekros didn’t have to worry
about the Tzati-compounds; they were air-sealed. Theodore slightly hoped
that the clouds would obscure all visibility; however, the Bloodboat’s
scanners still worked, and this complicated his escape a bit. Theodore
started to maneuver his ship in a wishy-washy fashion, imitating a
thrashing Suspension System. The ruse worked; the Bloodboat approached
in a loose, relaxed manner. Many older-model ships didn’t cope well with
Gulgor Matrices, for many differing reasons. It seemed that the Nekros
always appreciated a good show.

Theodore increased his “distress” in varying intervals all within the
course of a minute or two. When he decided his antics would be
sufficient, he let his ship “die”. indeterminately switched off his
hull-lights, mimicking a failing power-core (as I mentioned earlier,
most older-model ships’ Suspension Systems couldn’t handle Gulgor
Matrices; the power-core would’ve been just fine, everyone knows that.
While Nekros cruelty is off the scale, their critical-thinking standards
are not). In the sudden darkness, Theodore could neither see nor hear
anything. He waited for a moment, and then……heard it: Nekros
Interrogators.

Nekros Interrogators, as you might have guessed, don’t ask very many
questions. Theodore didn’t have nary a clue as to *why* they were called
that, but he didn’t have time for a pleasant luxury such as speculation.
All he knew was that each fifteen-leg machine was starting to prepare
for a scouting run, and if they found him alive, he wouldn’t be.
Theodore racked his brain for a plan; a brilliant, magical plan that
would destroy all the Interrogators and distract the Bloodboat enough
for his escape. Luckily for him, he did. A few weeks ago (before the
death listing), Theodore had bought several canisters, and various
different kinds of particles. Each of the particles had very specific
applications, and no one else was willing to buy them. Naturally, the
vendor cheated Theodore, on a shameful level, but it was expected. You
can’t to give a Human a good deal.

Half of Theodore’s Miracle Plan depended upon one thing: the
Wenty-particle. This synthetic poly-element is instilled with powerful
electro-magnetic properties; with one metric ton, you could conceivably
magnetize an entire city. Usually, the Wenty-particle was used in small
amounts to create hover-trains, and the take-off gear in aerospace
vehicles. A surplus was made, naturally, and manufacturers started
selling it.

Theodore, with canister in hand, began to contemplate how to maximize
his one chance of attack. Theodore took out one rightfully stolen
Moleculator, and switched to “air sample” When finished, the gizmo’s
read-out stated various nontypical components, but most important it
reported a large amount of Vospher. Theodore got almost too excited; he
had to cover his mouth to keep from shouting. You see, Vospher acts as a
freebound particle-proliferator, that is, it constantly spreads
free-range particles out (the normal utilization of Vosphor is culinary
science—in trace amounts, it makes pudding divine!—but Theodore wasn’t
making any pudding). At first glance, this information is meaningless,
but to someone so cunning as a Human, this was golden. Theodore, with
energy that would make a Pixie jealous, looked at his Moleculator again,
and realized he shouldn’t have worried.

The last bit of Theodore’s Miracle Plan was something he put together
himself. All Sentients had four or less fingers, and all of the
technology they used was limited by the stubby phalanges. This effected
their weapons the most; all of their guns were two handed and
cumbersome, and not very wieldy. Theodore, with all six of his Human
fingers, could do so much more—Theodore theorized this is why he was
oppressed.

So, to better fit his lifestyle, he invented single-handed guns. He
always carried two.

“Load and Lock.”

Theodore had the Wenty-particles in place, and he knew that he didn’t
have to aim. He tuned up the particle-accelerator to its maximum value,
and listened.

The Interrogators were hovering in the cloud, suspending themselves with
helicopter-like mechanisms. They practically inched their way towards
Theodore’s ship. Theodore saw the bright glow of the canister in his
peripheral vision, and…fired!

The Wenty-particle shot out of the ship, and immediately started fanning
out in a great pink wave, illuminating everything in a rosy tint. The
ship itself was rocked by
