---
date: '2020-11-24T13:20'
tags:
- writing/story
- age/highschool
---

# Dock of Mists

The children thanked Zrin once again for his story about centaurs, and
they scattered to go to their prospective hovels. Zrin sighed at the
simple joy it was to tell these children stories. Just before he was
going to get up, he perceived a figure—it was Afyt, one of his own
children. Zrin had been telling Afyt stories ever since he was high
enough to milk a goat; however, Zrin discovered that children who hear
many stories begin to question them. Afyt walked up to his father very
slowly and softly asked, “How could one get killed by a centaur? The
village hasn’t seen a centaur in ages—the villagers have killed all o’
the ones that attacked the village—so how could one just get killed by a
centaur?” Zrin smiled halfly, and motioned his son to come closer. “Son,
I tell you something that not many of the other children will know for a
long time: Not all stories are completely, entirely true.” Afyt looked
at his father incredulously, as if this new information didn’t hold much
better than that of the story itself. Afyt then asked, “Why do we tell
stories, father?” To that question he easily replied, “My son, we tell
stories so that one has a way of thinking about things, about organizing
your thoughts, and of having a reference of experience, even if you
didn’t have the experience yourself.” “Like the dock of mists that Xuzag
used to keep his boat steady, father?” Afyt’s last remark made Zrin
smile as he never smiled. “Exactly like the dock of mists, Afyt. I think
that is the best way o’ describing it.”
