---
tags:
- homework
- essay
- age/university
title: The Force of Habit
---

Sam Hatfield

Professor Sylvia Cook

English 4640

20 November 2009

The Force of Habit: Pudd’nhead Wilson and the Fiction of Custom

“Habit is habit, and not to be flung out the window by any man, but
coaxed downstairs a step at a time.” –Pudd’nhead Wilson’s Calendar

The excuse “It’s force of habit” is used by those who do the same thing
repeatedly; this excuse is even more useful if the activity be
embarrassing or debilitating. This line of reasoning, and others like
it, form a type of rationale that purpeturate a situation, even when
using the excuse itself. There are such things as good habits and bad
habits, and they have a massive effect on daily life. And just as
Pudd’nhead Wilson’s Calendar states, habit cannot be “flung out the
window”– if one digs a rut, one must climb out of their own power.

In Mark Twain’s novel *Pudd’nhead Wilson*, force of habit is more than
an a personal struggle—it’s socially binding. Cultural habit forms a
person’s ascribed status, and continues that status until the masses are
proved otherwise. The title character, David Wilson, works for years to
convince the townsfolk of Dawson’s Landing that he isn’t the
“Pudd’nhead” they claimed when they didn’t understand his witty comments
about half-dogs. Roxana, fair-skinned slave of the Driscolls’, switches
babies in the crib and forever changes their fates– the son called
“Chambers” becomes an illiterate slave, and “Tom” becomes a rich white
property owner. For them, ascribed status and personal and cultural
habit form a strong foundation and hinderance to their lives and
personal development.

At the beginning of the novel, David Wilson arrives in Dawson’t Landing,
and, unfamiliar with the mind-set of the townsfolk, makes an
“unfortunate remark” about owning half a dog (59). In a secretive street
caucus, they determined his social fate:

Mr. Wilson stood elected. The incident was told all over the town, and
gravely discussed by everybody. Within a week he had lost his first
name; Pudd’nhead took it’s place. In time he came to be liked, and well
liked too; but by that time the nickname had got well stuck on, and it
stayed. That first day’s verdict made him a fool, and he was not able to
get it set aside, or even modified \[…\] it held its place, and was to
continue to hold its place for twenty long years. (60)

The result of this half-dog incident is perpetuated by social habit of
Dawson’t Landing for twenty years. No one will do business with him, and
the only mention of sustained social interaction he has with anyone is
with Judge Driscoll and the Society of Freethinkers, they being the only
members. However, with all of this extra free time, Wilson manages to
keep up certain personal habits of his own that benefit him by the end
of the novel. His interests in fingerprinting and palmistry, his upkeep
with the law, even his Calendar, all serve him at the end in
apprehending the murderous Tom Driscoll, and earn him the mayorship of
Dawson’t Landing society, leaving behind the title of Pudd’nhead
forever.

Just as Wilson’s given name, the social situation of Dawson’s Landing is
ridgedly reenforced through cultural habit. The people that live in the
town are divided into a three-caste system: at the lowest level are the
slaves, such as Roxana and Chambers; in the middle class are the
ordinary people of the town, like Pudd’nhead Wilson; and finally, the
First Families of Virginia, the sociopolitical elite and practitioners
of the code of honor. These F.F.V. families, such as the Driscolls, the
Howards, and the Essexes, uphold a very conservative aristrocratic view,
imported from “the Old Dominion.” (141) The two principal players in the
story that belong to this caste are Judge Driscoll and Pembroke Howard.
They have an ascribed status that they embrace:

In their eyes it was a nobility. It had its unwritten laws, and they
were as clearly defined and as strict as any that could be found among
the printed statutes of the land. The F.F.V. Was born a gentleman; his
highest duty in life was to watch over that great inheritance and keep
it unsmirched. (139)

The code of the gentleman is very important to Judge Driscoll. When he
is informed that Tom settled with Count Luigi in a court of law, instead
of dueling with him in the field of honor, Driscoll reacts as if “has
received a death-stroke” (140). When Driscoll confronts Tom about the
incident, he challenges Tom’s cowardly ways, “You cur! You scum! You
vermin! Do you mean to tell me that blood of my race has suffered a blow
and crawled to a court of law about it?” (141) However, these strict
notions of blood are mixed up long before this all happens, because both
Tom and Chambers are raised in the “wrong” caste, among the “wrong”
blood.

The initial distinction between Tom and Chambers is entirely fabricated,
or at the very least, relies entirely on fabric. When Wilson first
encounters the two nearly identical infants side by side, he comments,
“How can you tell them apart, Roxy, when they haven’t any clothes on?”
(65). During her death-toilet episode, Roxana realizes that she can’t
tell them apart without the distinction of clothing. Roxana places the
rags upon ‘free’ Tom and places riches upon ‘slave’ Chambers, and when
the two are sitting side by side, she utters, “Now who would b’lieve
clo’es could do de like o’ dat? Dog my cats if it ain’t all *I* kin do
to tell t’ other fum which, let alone his pappy” (71). In this
revelation of hers, she realizes they cannot be easily recognized apart
from the clothing they wear. Because clothing is used as a status symbol
(the pearls indicate wealth in abundance) as soon as her biological son
dons the rich clothing, in Roxana’s mind and anyone that isn’t aware of
the switch, he becomes Thomas à Beckett, heir of the Driscoll estate.
The other is redesignated to become Valet de Chambers, house slave.
Although they are different biologically, and have Wilson’s fingerprint
records to prove it, society can only easily identify surfacial details,
like cut of dress.

At this point, Roxana decides to make the switch permanent, to save her
son from being sold “down the river.” She begins to practice calling her
own child “Marse Tom” and the other “Chambers”, treating her new
“master” with privilege and her “own child” with harshness:

As she progressed with her practice, she was surprised to see how
steadily and surely the awe which had kept her tongue reverent and her
manner humble toward her young master was transferring itself to her
speech and manner toward the usurper, and how similarly handy she was
becoming in transferring her motherly curtness of speech and
peremptoriness of manner to the unlucky heir of the ancient house of
Driscoll. (73)

Roxana, through the power of habit, easily transfers her love and
respect to her son, rather than to her master’s child. With other
tricks, such as smearing their faces with jam and such, she convinces
the townsfolk and the Driscolls as well. From that point onward, the
ascribed status of the two babies formulate what environment they shall
grow up in. Unlike Wilson, these children aren’t fully formed or
educated to understand what has happened to them. Only when they are
older than twenty years is the truth revealed by the trial at the end of
the novel.

The trial of Judge Driscoll’s murder at the conclusion of *Pudd’nhead
Wilson* serves as the end of the ascribed statuses of Wilson, Chambers,
and Tom, for better or for worse. Through his presentation of evidence
with showmanship, Wilson proves that the true identity of Tom and
Chambers, proves that Tom irrevocably killed Judge Driscoll, and
disproves that he is a “pudd’nhead.” The citizens of Dawson’s Landing
are fully impressed by his performance, and as they exit the courtroom,
they “shout themselves hoarse over ever sentence that fell from his
lips” and declare, “And this is the man the likes of us have called a
pudd’nhead for more than twenty years. He has resigned from that
position, friends \[…\] but it isn’t vacant – we’re elected” (224). With
this public performance only does he wrest the townsfolk’s respect.
Another “beneficiary” of the trial was Chambers, who moved up the ranks
with a fingerprint. Looking purely at social movement, Chambers is
increadibly fortunate; however, Chambers has lived his whole life as a
slave, and the habit will not be coaxed up the social stair very easily.
“His gait, his attitudes, his gestures, his bearing, his laugh – all
were vulgar and uncouth” It will take a great feat of personal effort
for Chambers to become Thomas à Beckett, heir of the Driscoll estate.
The “usurper” Tom, on the other end of the trial’s proceedings, has an
immediate status change, from a spoiled gentleman’s son to a criminal
slave. Ironically, this saves him from being incarcerated or lynched;
however, he does end up being “sold down the river” (226).

Through the opinions and rumors embraced by everyone in Dawson’s
Landing, from someone as esteemed as Judge Driscoll to someone as lowly
as Roxana, ascribed status and cultural habit have a strong effect upon
everyone’s lives.A misplaced wittism can cost you income for twenty
years, a switch of cradles and clothes can make a man or slave, an
insult in the street can result in a duel. The ascribed status of a
person can become the foundation for their entire identity, and, as the
novel demonstrates, it can be a serious hinderance to people as well.
But there is hope for them, as shown by Wilson’s “Scotch patience and
pluck” (61). Through fingerprinting and careful, hard work, anyone can
move themselves anywhere within the ranks within twenty years. And after
the change, their lives, however long or short, easy or hard it is
afterwards, will settle down into a mode of daily behavior– after all,
it’s force of habit.
