---
date: '2020-11-24T13:28'
tags:
- writing/story
- age/highschool
---

# Miles To Go

It begins at 144,786.9 miles.

The title deed was signed, submitted, and paid for, and Alan “Tex” Brown
was the proud owner of a ’93 Chevy Cavalier. Jerome Walker sold it on
account of poverty and running over his ex-girlfriend’s dog. Tex bought
it with \$700 of graduation money, for a job, and girls.

Tex renames the car “the Cavy” at 144,852.2 miles. He runs the Cavy out
of gas 502.3 miles later. He didn’t believe Jerome when he told him that
the refill point is at 1/2 tank. Tex just thought that Jerome was one of
*those* people, compulsive tank fillers. Guess he was wrong. Tex walks
1/4 mile to the Circle K with a gas can. On the way back, Tex decides
that the Cavy will get to 200,000 miles, no matter what.

Small things happen. Front driver’s tire cracks open, exposing stray
wires. Flying Interstate gravel spiderwebs the windshield. A loose grip
on the wiper blade arm makes the web bigger. Window won’t roll down.
Window won’t roll up. Side mirrors go missing. Rearview mirror won’t
stay adjusted. Nothing good plays on the radio. The car makes weird
noises when the radio is off. Gas costs too much for too few miles. The
paint job ain’t right. Car doesn’t heat up fast enough to clear the
frost. Car heats up too fast when in traffic.

More or less weekly, Tex drives 21.6 miles to school, 7.2 miles for
snacks, 3.4 miles to Nikki’s house, 0.8 miles to Victor’s house, 87.3
miles to his grandma’s house, another 1.7 miles for his uncle’s house;
if given the time, it would take him an average of 1427.3 miles to the
West Coast, Canada, or the East coast, give or take a few highways.

Tex has a tire problem at odometer reading 176,523.4. Nikki is in the
passenger seat and first notices something’s wrong when her seat drops
10 inches. Her ass vibrates along with the metal scraping against the
asphalt. Traffic stops along with the car, and her ginger snaps are
forgotten, with more than 63% of the bag full.

The Cavy had just passed an \$18 inspection too.

Tex worries. You did so good, didn’t you Cavy? You passed the test only
to mess up on the road where you belong. It’s like a champion marathon
runner falling down. What’s the deal?

Tex is 3x careful about the Cavy from then on out. He works on it, buys
the parts himself. Gets grease, oil, and fluids all over himself. He
checks the tire pressure. Checks the air filter. Checks the odometer.
Tells himself that he *is* going to change the oil every 3,000 miles. He
*is* going to rotate the tires every 10,000 miles.

He doesn’t rotate the tires.

The summer road trip was planned 4.3 months in advance. Tex and Nikki
gathered \$352.97 to buy gas, Mad Libs, poker cards, poker chips, BBQ
chips, 15 mixed CDs, an audiobook, and a hotel room 326.5 miles away.

At mile marker 158.4, Tex starts his nap. Nikki pulls out of the last
rest stop for 250 miles. She seeks radio stations, cycling through the
range of frequencies 15x before giving up.

At mile marker 162.6, smoke billows out of the exhaust. Nikki panics;
Tex wakes up and manages to pull the car over.

After 18.4 agonizing minutes of inspection and smoke, Tex thinks that
the engine block cracked. He makes 6 phone calls. They wait for 45.2
minutes for the tow and ride all 298.1 miles home, the Mad Lib book left
behind, only 18% filled.

Why did you have to die, Cavy? You’re the 1^st^ car, the only car, the
best car. We were going to go all the way, Cavy, all the way to 200,000,
100%, promised.

The Cavy has 287.1 miles to go. Back home, Charlie the Car Surgeon says
that the repairs will be \$543 minimum. Tex only has 24%, and 0 people
to borrow from.

Aw, hell. 14.5 weeks of wages for right *now*?

Conveniently, the Kickstand Bike Shop downtown has a 10-speed. \$67.23,
with tax.
