---
date: '2020-11-23T18:25'
tags:
- writing/homework
- age/university
title: Person X – Music All Their Own
---

Sam Hatfield

English 3150

22 February 2010

Person X— Music All Their Own.

The cover art of the Person X album “Wreck the Flow” features a robot,
with electronica synth machines for a body, sound plugs for fingers,
keyboards for legs, and a vinyl LP for a head. After listening to “Wreck
the Flow,” the robot starts to make sense.

Proletarian, Nature Boy, and Ruin (the stage names of Jason LaChance,
Jeremy Strootman, and Donnie Ryan, respectively) provide the Person X
sound. Powered by Ruin’s lyrical anti-establishment attacks, Nature
Boy’s backup vocals and the MPC1000, and Proletarian on the FutureRetro,
Theremin, or whatever, Person X makes funky, hip-hop-like songs about
fighting against injustice, making their own sound, and all of their
favorite bars in South City, which includes a *Cheers* sing-a-long
chorus.

All three of them have families and blue-collar jobs, but that won’t
stop them from practicing whenever they can, and perform shows at places
like the Venice Café, the Firebird, or the Old Rock House. Sometimes
it’s hard to find time for Person X, but their operation had produced 2
full-length albums, 2 EPs, and a handful of other songs without putting
them in the poorhouse.

It is in these families that begins the Person X origin story. Tammy,
Jason’s wife, met Shelly, Jeremy’s wife, in jury duty in 2005. Shelly
mentioned to Tammy during small talk that Nature Boy had been following
the former punk band, The Scared, ever since they moved to St. Louis
from Minneapolis for work. Go figure: Jason played bass with them. After
The Scared broke up, the two men “hooked up” and became drinking
buddies. They talked about forming their own punk band, but found a
mutual love for synthesizers and nonstandard noisemakers. Eventually,
Proletarian brought in Ruin, “a friend since the last Ice Age” as
Proletarian calls him, because of his lyrical skill. With synth and
rhyme, Person X was born.

Since their beginning, Person X has played a few dozen shows, but it
“feels like a couple hundred,” Jason says. The band has a long time
affiliation with Type Jordan, a budding affiliation with Seymour
Justice, and recently produced Garden Plot Jackals’ new album “Burn Your
Cash.” Person X opens and headlines, wherever they’ll fit in a line up,
with whoever will play with them. But, as Jason puts it, “we prefer to
perform with like-minded bands, bands that do electronica and political
poetry.” As for musical influence, Person X cites cut-and-paste artists
such as the Chemical Brothers and Cold Cut, but they don’t limit
themselves strictly to sampling. “Sampling is just a tool,” Nature Boy
says, “Person X does it different. We like to plug stuff together that
doesn’t belong together, at all.” So, very much like the Person X Robot,
Proletarian, Nature Boy, and Ruin construct, maintain, and reinvent
their own music.

SIDEBAR: Regular Performance and Label Info.

Person X plays regularly at the Venice Café on the third Thursday of
every month. Their set is part of “Type Jordan vs. Person X.”

Members Proletarian and Nature Boy also participate in the Saint Louis
Improv Project (S.L.I.P.) at the Café on the last Thursday of every
month.

Person X is part of the Mothrasegg label, and their member page is at
http:`//`mothrasegg.com/Personx.html.

NOTE: RTF sidebars are normally white, with little formatting, if used
at all.
