---
title: The Grey Mawt
date: 2020-11-12T18:18
tags:
- harriet-starr
- note
---

An Imperial #ship that defeated the Rebellion in an early engagement
---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Fight the Grey Mawt was an old war cry of the Rebellion. They were
protecting a convoy when an Imperial ship, the Grey Mawt, interrupted
the voyage and destroyed half the cargo ships. This was fairly early in
the Rebellion’s history, before they figured out how to survive against
the Imperial forces against them, but before their major victory that
marked the peak of their resistance. I would name the ships right now,
I’m not sure if I have in fact named everything properly, or even
getting the history right. The point is that there was an early period,
the peak, and then a decline of their power. And it isn’t until they
destroy the space station that they start to climb and gain more ground.
That’s how the story ends, or at least, how this part of the story ends,
when the station is destroyed and the galaxy is safe from a superweapon.

Fight the Grey Mawt, because that was what you had to do to survive that
convoy mission. The Grey Mawt was firing on all ships that were trying
to escape its fleet of fighters. They were surrounded by their own
convoy in one direction and the Grey Mawt in the other. This was before
they knew about positioning about tactics. Honestly, what really saved
them is when some imperial military officers defected that they started
to become more effective in combat. and that was a strange time, because
some of the generals that defected would not willingly fight the enemy,
because they were trying to prevent deaths, and so on. Well, they were
wrong. The Empire must fall, it is the only way to stop the killings,
and the permanent jailing of political prisoners. There was no way that
you can have a good society based on that kind of brutality. They were
really enjoying themselves, weren’t they, the officers that acted out
these orders. Anyone who had a conscience was doomed from the start.
This Empress was bad for everyone. She needed to be removed from office,
and other such arguments were had ll the time by the generals.
Eventually, they typically saw the point of view of the Rebellion and
decided to fight. The others, well, they retired from the military and
did other things with their time. Like cry into their beer from missing
home and making a mistake.
