---
date: 2021-03-01T17:24
tags:
- note
- harriet-starr
---

I think that I want to talk about the possible sex scene in this story.
I'm not sure if it's going to be included in the final cut, or even in
any cut of the story, but I know that in the story, there is room for a
sex scene. Probably right before their mission against the Project
Fireball station. That's when they would have time to do anything
romantic.

Now, I need to have a lot of imagination and research to be able to
write a sex scene at all, let alone one that takes place between a human
and an alien. I'm just not sure if I can could do that, even without the
added wrinkle that both of them are trans and unsure of their bodies. I
mean, Q'nall only transitioned relatively recently, and Harriet hasn't
had any surgeries as far as I'm concerned, although that may change
based on what my readers say makes sense. Because, if you lived in a
magical world, would you transition surgically as soon as possible if it
were a direct procedure? I have no idea. That's the kind of question
that makes me uncomfortable. I could guess, but knowing me, I'd guess
wrong and be really offensive. But I don't want to be offensive, I want
to be a positive influence on the world. So, I'm not going to write
those scenes until I have more of an idea of how it should go.

Then again, this is a Harry Potter Star Wars work, which means that
there could be no room for a sex scene, depending on how much I want
that to influence me. I could make this more of a young adult story, in
which case that the romance can be limited to nothing really that
explicit to match with my source material and make it easier for my
younger readers. I want to be able to have some of my family members
read it, and I think a sex scene would be out of the question for some
of them, but then again, honestly the whole trans thing might be too
much for certain members of my family, and so they won't be reading this
story.

The real question is, who is my audience? Can I get readers from that
audience to read this work? I have no clue, but I'll let future me worry
about that. But I should be worrying about audience a little bit, right?
Since I'm writing something for an audience, presumably? I mean, I'm not
just writing this for myself, of I'd be writing an entirely different
story, one without these tricky questions about trans rights and
sexuality and stuff like that, because traditionally I don't really
worry about that sort of thing. In fact, there's only one story that I
can think of that even mentions sex, and that was in passing.

So, what should I do? I think that I'm going to not worry about writing
the scene, or even thinking about the scene, until later, when I can do
some more research into how those pieces are written, so I can learn how
to do it. Otherwise, I'm just guessing at what is exciting and that's
not the way to go with this sort of thing at all.