---
tags:
- homework
- essay
- age/highschool
---

# A+ Assignment 2

A+ 4th hour

Mrs Reuther

In this installment of A+ homework, we were asked to interview people,
but as opposed to last time, we weren’t supposed to interview teachers;
we could interview anybody else. So I will do my best in the portrayal
of the three people I interviewed.

The first person I interviewed is one of the most popular guys in the
high school, Joe Bielicke, AKA Joe the Janitor. For 15 years, from 3
p.m. to 11 p.m., he has been working as a custodian, cleaning the school
and making sure it is a safe environment for the children here. The
children are the main reason why Joe even likes his job; the odd
relationships he forms, the little bits of laughter that he causes, are
what it’s all about. If it were not for these young folk, he probably
would quit, for being a janitor is a thankless job. Even if it is
thankless, it’s a steady job, and according to Joe, a good working
environment, and is very important to the functioning of the school.

The interview the second: Vicki Schell, high school secretary for 6
years. The reason why she likes her job is the students, the coworkers,
and the everyday tasks (she says are often interesting, even completely
new sometimes!) These everyday tasks are very important to the
functioning of this school; as a secretary to the school, she must fill
out, file, and process all the paperwork of the entire building.
Naturally, when there are hundreds of people wanting to file stacks of
papers everyday, these tasks can be quite overwhelming. Working from 8-4
every school, and sometimes more, she can be swamped with paper work,
and these are her least favorite times

Last but not least, Ralph Sellers, not only a teacher here at UHS, he is
also Technology Support Specialist for the district, and he has held
this position for 5 years. Mr. Sellers likes his job because “The chance
to interact with a variety of people” and “having many different
computer environments to work with”. He doesn’t like the long drive from
Cuba, MO, as none of us would. He chose a school environment because the
differing information technologies insure that he will never be mentally
un-stimulated. His duties are maintaining and upgrading the computers in
the offices, labs, and classrooms of the district. He also trains people
in these procedures. He holds a 12-month contract.

Three non-teachers, all different, but essentially the same, because
they all work at a school. It commands much work and dedication to our
country’s young people to be able to survive in this environment. And
so, with my oh-so-wonderful paper writing skills, I will close this by
saying: I think that these people are very necessary to the school’s
functioning because, well, they just are.

