---
tags:
- jilro
- scene
- age/highschool
---

# Ellian Roe

Chapter 1:

CRASH!

Ellis snapped back to reality. The sudden outbreak of sound awoke her
from a daydream. She had been surfing the Net, allowing her mind to
wander that glorious realm of Cyberspace. Ellis tore her face away from
the monitor and whipped around her gaze. She beheld a ragged figure, and
it was in the process of standing up. Within the incredibly short amount
of time she had to observe, she took in the preliminaries: Clothes –
nasty black, tattered leather; Hair – jet black tangled mop; Skin –
pale. ‘How did that get in?’ thought Ellis, however, the large opening
in what used to be her window gave her a big clue. She was just
realizing that the jerk broke her window when a voice spoke

“Are you Ellian Roe?”

This voice was, naturally, connected to the window-breaking jerk.

“Who wants to know?” Ellis asked cautiously, which seemed to contradict
the property-offender’s hurried tones. Just who was this guy, and what
was he doing breaking people’s windows?

“There is no time for explanations! All you need to know is that you
must accompany me,” the stranger was gesticulating with a frenzied
vigor.

“Accompany you?” Ellis started to get frightened. She had read often
enough on the Internet News Centre to know all the different kinds of
psychos that roam the world; the only question was: What kind of psycho
is this guy? Ellis then had two simultaneous trains of thought: (1) Its
funny how the ogres, witches, giants, warlocks, and all the other evil
creatures that lurked in the darkness to the ancients are now replaced
by all the different kind of psychos that lurk the darkness of the news.
(2) Are there any kind of psychos that have are particular to windows?
Or a window-related tragedy, perhaps?

However both of these trains ran over a rail spike and wrecked, killing
everyone. The rail spike can be surmised as, “He’s touching me!” Once
the wreckage cleared out, Ellis saw that the psycho was holding her
shoulders, and imploringly looked into her eyes. He was saying something
about ‘your’ and ‘safety’ and ‘protection’ and ‘evil’ and ‘Muckrith
D’lor’, but Ellis paid no mind. She was most engrossed with his eyes.
They reminded her of a brilliant light, somewhere at the bottom of a
deep, deep tunnel. Not even the whites of his eyes were natural, not so
much white as mist or fog, about to be scattered by morning’s light.

“Wait…Muckrith D’Lor? What is that?”

Just as the man was going to speak, her question was answered in a
different fashion. Much more powerful than explanation: example. Just as
Ellis looked at her door and saw a real live Muckrith D’Lor, she let out
a horrific scream.

Muckrith D’Lor: The Mukrith D’lor was an awful monster to behold,
especially in your bedroom.

To start out with, it was humanoid…for the most part. The skin was made
of what appeared to be partially digested steak meat; only it was a very
dark red, almost black. The bone structure underneath its integument
resembled a human’s; only the jaw jutted out, and the facade lacked any
flesh or membrane that resembled a nose. Whatever hair it had was very
oily and course to the touch. The ears were pointed, much like a wolf’s,
only sharper. Each of its eyes was black and lifeless, with thousands of
tiny red capillaries sprawled across the surface. The rest of its body
was covered in either charcoal covered armor or dank, oily cloth. It
carried a small sword, dripping with a greenish film.
