---
tags:
- fiction/story
- homework
- age/highschool
---

# The Journey through the Woods

Written by:

Samuel Hatfield

It was late in the evening when I drove down the forest trail. To be
sure, the trail was just large enough for a car, but only just. I don’t
exactly remember when I was driving, or even why. I simply remember I
was driving. And I was driving fast, maybe faster than the legal speed
limit. I don’t remember the exact speed I was driving, but that isn’t
important for the time being. The point is that I was driving too fast
and hit a speed bump at alarming velocity. Now that I’m recalling this
story, I seem to have forgotten many things of late.

Before I had left, I had filled my fuel tank for my vehicle in
sufficient amounts, but strangely enough, my car broke down. Upon
further investigation, I realized that the fuel line below the car had
snapped. After swearing to myself, I presented to myself two options:
either walk down the road from whence you came, and take long hours to
get home, or, take the short route through a forest trail you know very
well and use the car’s dashboard compass to be your guide. In the short
mental debating that followed, the shortcut was deemed as the better of
the two.

So my journey began, in the dark, and maybe cold, night. I began my
tread through the woods as I had done many times before. My compass was
in my left hand, and my flashlight was in the other. I walked by many
different subtle landmarks, even though I can’t remember what they where
now. After a few minutes, the landmarks became less abundant, and new,
stranger images lurked in the increasing shadows. I walked on further,
and I suppose ancient fears began creeping within my subconscious. Mere
shadows became flits of knives. My fear began to increase, as soon those
knives became sharper, and colder. I had to stop walking for a moment to
stop my imagination from amplifying every branch into a sharp spear.

I had started walking again when I saw a familiar ravine. Once when I
was younger, I had climbed down this ravine with great difficulty. The
ravine’s surface was craggy and moss-covered, which expounded the
difficulty of navigating it. I peered down into the darkness and my
memories flooded my mind, with all the bumps and bruises I accumulated,
and all of the shouts of encouragement from my peers…

And I dropped the compass into the ravine. While I was reminiscing, I
also must have been drowsy enough to relax my muscles, releasing the
compass to fall to its destruction. Most of my hope was destroyed with
it, for my assurance depended on that compass to guide me through the
forest. So I proceeded with an increase of scimitars and morning stars
flashing in my dark imagination. I resolved to walk in an impossibly
strait line through the forest; this would increase my chances of
walking in the direction I should go in. My journey was strait for the
most part, but trees don’t grow in nice rows. If I followed my path
correctly, I would come across the main highway that would lead to my
salvation. I stumbled through the darkness and the weapons—oh, the
weapons! I couldn’t bear it; not for very much longer…and what’s this?!
A comet, streaking towards me!!

At that point in time, I found myself in hospital, severely injured,
bodily and mentally, from car collision.
