---
date: '2020-11-23T14:44'
tags:
- writing/fragment
- age/university
---

# Monday 08 Feb 2010

Reading Response:

Friedlander and Lee 133-157; Kramer and Call 28-35

SUMMARY

Today’s readings taught us about interviewing: how to find out who you
are interviewing, how to manage interviewing appointments, how to make a
friend within 240 seconds, how to keep them talking and asking the right
questions. It also had a discussion on audio recordings.

RESPONSE

The first major point that caught my eye was the idea of making a friend
within 240 seconds. When put in those figures, is appears to be both a
large number and an intimidatingly little amount of time. Make a friend,
a true friend, may take months; to get very comfortable terms with that
same person takes a very long day at the very least.

Two hundred and forty seconds…that’s barely enough time to properly
reheat frozen food, let alone to make a complete stranger a friend.

But then I began thinking about it, and I came up with two examples:

Last week I was helping out a friend of mine, Mary, move into her new
apartment, two doors above mine. One of those nights, another friend of
hers was helping as well. His name was Ben, and I knew I wasn’t going to
like him within the first 240 seconds I met him. He reminded me of
someone that I’m not on good terms with now, one of those people that
insult to amuse themselves, even if it isn’t a mutual experience. I got
a “bad vibe” from him.

Before the Ben episode, I was studying abroad in Costa Rica. One of the
last nights my class was there, a complete stranger appeared in my host
family’s house. He was Peter, the man from Munich. I ended up walking
with him and his other German friend Alex all the way to a chicken shop,
which was closed. I didn’t know the man at all, but I made quick friends
with him.

…so, even from the last month, I’ve already learned how quickly
friendships can be formed.

(MORE)

The other thing that I noticed about the articles was the discussion
about the audio recorders. As I was reading the text, it became obvious
to me that they were describing analogue tape machines. This book was
published in 2007. Are analogue tapes still the industry standard? What
about digital?

I personally have a digital recorder. Sure, it’s old, has the USB cord
missing, and I no longer have the program disk for it, but hey, it still
works…

I picked up the thing, and tried to turn it on. No response.

I open up the battery door, and I find that one of the batteries leaked
blue powdery corrosion all on the inside of the unit.

Oops, I guess I left that thing sitting unused for too long. Nothing a
new, unleaky pair of AAAs won’t fix.

A 6-pack and more than \$5 later the damn thing still won’t turn on.

Oh well. Nothing a pad of paper and a pen with ink won’t fix.
