---
date: '2020-11-23T18:12'
tags:
- writing/homework
- age/highschool
title: Composing and Essays Super
---

1.  If you were stranded on a deserted island, what five CDs would you
    want with you?

*Assuming I would have a means to listen to these plastic disks, I would
bring my Monty Python compilation, my Weird Al CD, that CD in my CD
wallet entitled “Good Songs Vol. 1”, my “Washaway” disk (really cool
Ska), and lastly, all the Space Goast audio stuff I have on a CD.*

1.  If you were sent to live on the deserted island, what three items
    from your house would you bring with you?

*I would bring that really big butcher knife from the kitchen, a
blanket, and the microwave oven, to marvel at.*

1.  If you were sent to live on the deserted island for one year, what
    one person would you want with you?

*I immediately think of two people: This one girl I know (HA!), or
Aquaman*

1.  If you were stranded on the deserted island, what kind of food would
    you miss the most?

*The type of food I would miss the most would most definitely be…cheese*

1.  If you had to sing one song in a talent show, what song would that
    be and why?

*I think I would either sing the song “Spinning Wheel” by Blood, Sweat,
and Tears, or “Italian Restaurant” by Billy Joel. I would sing “Spinning
Wheel” because it is a good tune, and I would sing the Billy Joel song
because I like that song too, and I wanted to get extra credit for
mentioning Billy Joel in this assignment.*

1.  What do you consider to be your talent?

*I find that my greatest talent is to mutate everything*

1.  What the best thing about school?

*School is great because it forces you to confront views, facts, and
people you may not otherwise meet. The way people deal with this
environment is what perturbs me.*

1.  What is the best thing about summer?

*Summer, as opposed to school, is great because it creates a void of the
latter. Summer in its own respect is great because life surrounds you in
its prime, and you feel the same way.*

1.  Where would you go if you could go anywhere on vacation?

*I think I would go to the time before the dawn of man…you know, the
time before TV?*

1.  What celebrity would you most like to meet and why?

*I would like to meet Daffy Duck just to see if he really was that
daffy, or if it was clever acting.*

If I had a five-member personal board of directors, I would have them
review my decisions first as individuals, then as a unanimous whole. I
would use this decision-making process because in this way I would be
able to minimize argumentation betwixt the members, and to get one
definite consensus from all of them.

The five members of my board would be Laura Walsh, Steven Wyatt
(nonfictional), The Grand Poobah, Homer Simpson, and King Arthur
(fictional). Laura and Steve are my good chums in real life. They would
be on my board because individually and together they would do their
best to think of my well-being. The Grand Poobah, if you do not know, is
a character from the musical “The Mikado”. In the story, all of the
bureaucrats to the Mikado (a monarch of sorts) all had gone away, save
for one gifted individual. Instead of appointing new officials, the
Mikado gave all the jobs to the one man left, and condensed all of his
titles into one: The Grand Poobah. One line given by this character was
giving advice to another official from all the points of views of his
duties, as if he had multiple personalities. Homer Simpson was on there
just because it would be hilarious, and King Arthur would be there for
his high morality.
