---
title: random notes
tags:
- harriet-starr
---

Should there be a cantina scene? There’s always a cantina scene in star
wars, but there is no reason why school children would go to a place
like that? I mean, I know that they drink butter beer in Harry Potter,
is that actually alcoholic, or is it soda? I was never really clear on
that.

I SNEEZED REALLY LOUD I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW I SWEAR I’M NOT HIGH
RIGHT NOW

Anayway I don’t konw if there’s going to be a cantina scene, it doesn’t
make any sense in the story so far, but maybe I’ll add one in later, you
know, for fun or something there should be fun in a story at least
that’s what I aim for. Traditionally I do clever, not emotional. I
remember I wrote a story about words being twisted around and I thought
it was so good but i kinda turned into a complete disaster to read, and
I am still sad about it. I thought that it was a work of genius, but it
was just a piece of work.

I’m trying to think of any other iconic scenes from either of my root
source documents or movies, and I’m thinking that I can’t possibly
remember all of the iconic scenes, so I’ll just try to remember some of
them.

There’s the Harry Potter scene were Harry gets his wand for the first
time, maybe that can be in this story since Harriet can get a wand, but
it should be mixed with the first lightsaber scene because I’m mashing
those two concepts together, a laser wand. By the way, I think that I’m
going to eliminate the sonic wand as a concept, that was a tip of the
hat in the direction of Doctor Who and since that was such a small
reference, I might just delete it. I mean, who carries around two wands
with them? No one, that’s who. There might be different tools that are
like wands, but wands are the main tool for magic users in this
universe, and since you can do magic with them, most other tools don’t
make much sense, This isn’t star trek were you need a toolbox of
glowsticks to fix stuff, you just need an omnitool, the laser wand, and
it will help you get there as long as you know the right spell to use.
You see, engineers are mostly magic users that aren’t interested in
being a police officer or whatever an Auror is.

Anyway, there are many different branches of the magical economy, It
isn’t like in Harry Potter, where either you work for the school, the
ministry, or don’t have a job. Or in star wars, where either you are an
imperial officer, a criminal, or a rebellion member. There are lots of
jobs in this universe, because I think about this sort of thing all the
time and it makes me happy.

Do they have money in the Empire? Well of course, both Harry Potter and
the Star Wars are capitalistic, and both of them have money. Now in star
wars, they have imperial credits, but there’s no indication that there
is any kind of physical money, I don’t think. I think that there’s
something like chits, I don’t know but it seems fairly abstract. Then in
Harry Potter, they have a gold, silver, and copper based economy run by
goblins, which may or may not be antisemitic. Probably antisemitic.
Anyway, They definitely have money. SO there is money in this story too.
It should be something like the gold, I think, kinda like gold-pressed
latinum in Star trek ferengi society. Something shiny something easy to
steal and spend. I think that a credit is worth some amount of precious
metal. Yeah, I like the idea of a space empire being on the gold
standard, that seems funny to me, like there was no way that blockchain
could work in space in something? Or I could introduce something like
that for certain things. Or I could just kinda abstract it away to the
reader, like Star Wars does, where you don’t really think about it in
concrete terms, there’s just an assumption that there’s money and that
it is spent. I mean the rebellion buys weapons and ships from companies
that exclusively sell to the rebellion because none of the ships are the
same. At least in Star Trek the Maquis use the same Federation
technology, because that makes narrative sense, and in star wars, they
should have completely different ships since they all operate with the
same weapons dealers, but I’m having a big digression that I cannot
sustain in an entertaining way. I’m here to entertain you, and I don’t
think that you want to hear me go on a rant of how star wars is mostly
all looks and no story, and how star trek is so much better because it
isn’t just show it’s also story but this isn’t what you want is it? No
you want to read fan fiction that’s a cross over between star wars and
harry potter, which is what it says on the tin, isn’t it? Well, I ran
out of scenes so this is what you get, y’all. Good thing this isn’t a
stream like I thought I was going to do because I’d be embarrassing
myself right now, and the only reason why I think I’m going to get away
with it is because even though my text is in a public git repository, no
one is going to read it all the way through to here, there’s just no way
that’s going to happen, so I can pretty much do or say whatever I want,
and I can get away with it, at least initially. And that would be
presidential. At least not for long because BIDEN WON PEOPLE!
WHOOOOOOOOOO

So anyway, I think that this is going to be really weird for me to edit
later, and likely, this will be deleted with gusto, as much gusto as it
took to write but deleting it will be much, much faster.
