---
date: 2021-02-28T19:42
title: Pets, Droids, and other Life Forms
tags:
- note
- harriet-starr
---

Anyway, does Harriet have any pets. Do any of the characters have any
pets? Well, in Star Wars, the droids have become the pets of the people,
at least the BB units are like dogs. I’m not sure if that’s endearing or
insulting to the droids. I guess it depends on their personality. It
comes from treating them as subhuman. I think that androids in this
story should also have some kind of oppression going on, one that gets
mitigated by the Rebellion. Like, androids joining the Rebellion are
treated more like people than they are if they were to stay in the
Empire where they are subjugated. That kind of thing interest me. Like
in the Robot novels, how robots are evolving to be something more than
they are, especially when they develop the zeroth law of robotics. Are
there any laws of robotics in this universe? I think that in this case,
magic has gifted the androids with some kind of intelligence that is
different from humans, but it still a form of intelligence. Can you gift
a thing personhood with magic? Can you instill sapience with a spell? I
think that if you have an intelligent agent, I mean intelligent agent,
with a thinking spell that goes on for two long, you can have
personality develop as a side effect of having an intelligent agent
around for a long time. How long depends on the individual thing. Like
the snitch of the old earth game quiddich, you can have personality
develop in inanimate objects. And because androids are programmable,
that gives it a better chance of developing. In Star Wars, if an
astromech droid is allowed to keep developing a personality, they will,
and the way to fix it is a memory wipe. I think that the same mechanics
happen here, where the Empire constantly wipes its androids, the
Rebellion finds that it can liberate androids by programming them and
then allowing them to develop personalities. They become less efficient,
but they do become more personable and revolutionary. They will start to
sacrifice their lives in order to complete their missions, just as
readily as their organic counterparts. Whereas the androids under the
Empire will allow themselves to be destroyed only if ordered to.

Also, do dragons exist in this world? Yes, they are a protected species
that have zoos dedicated to having dragons in captivity, they are no
longer a wild threat. They were almost wiped out by humanity, but it
took a great deal of conservation effort to get dragons out of
endangerment and into simply vulnerable. Humans are notorious for
killing off apex predators other than themselves of course, so that
should come to no surprise that dragons nearly went extinct by the hand
of humans too. Especially since it was believed that their body parts
were valuable medicines. Just like rhinos, really. Now, there are other
dragon like creatures on other planets, and those have been caged up
too, except for a certain species of Blightwyrm that was just too
dangerous to live. They caused problems by waging psychological warfare
on any humanoid species that tried to control them. They had to be wiped
out, and magic researchers have been trying to de-extinct them ever
since, There could be some kind of story plotline there, but I’m not
sure what it’d be, besides some kind of story about how the Empire used
Blightwyrms to attack and subjugate people. Part of their secret war
crimes, perhaps? Like, there was a program to use them to kill people,
the researchers went wrong with it and all got killed themselves?

Another question: does this universe contain animagus magic users? Like
are there people that can transform to animals? Sure they can, and
nowadays it is mostly alien animals that people can transform into. It
turns out that the distribution of animagus seems relatively universal.
There’s a percentage of the magic user populace that have the ability to
transform into one animal form. Each person usually transforms into a
species native to their planet, although rarely they can take on the
form of a different sort of thing. There was once a wizard that could
transform into a bucket. That wizard wasn’t good as a bucket, that’s
what happened. It wasn’t a useful skill, but it came in handy when he
wanted to avoid his spouse.

And why do I get this weird feeling in my stomach that I’m going to be
sick into something? Maybe that wizard that can only transform into a
bucket would be a help here. That wizard is named Buckly, ironically.
Buckly the Bucket Wizard is a common refrain from his childhood. But
wow, he was able to turn into the thing that he was getting made fun of
to do, that must mean something, right? I think that this character is
going to be a joke character that people know from a holovid sitcom or
something, not a thing that actually exists in the world of the story. I
think that is an acceptable idea and I’m going to use it somehow.
Probably during the early part of the story and then have a weird
callback to it in dialog.

They could have a conversation about losing teeth when a Force Sensitive
character talks about a dream they had where they tell the future. That
could be interesting. At least, it could be interesting as long as I
don’t over do it. I could easily fall into some dumb tropes if I’m not
careful. I’ll need to do some reading on tvtropes to avoid or lampshade
and subvert tropes. That could be a fun, a trope busting story?
Especially if it’s a fan fic of two fandoms being smashed together. I
could subvert all kinds of ideas. I could make this not a young adult
story, and make it a full adult story will all kinds of subversive
ideas. I’m not sure how subversive young adult material can be. I could
try really hard to be a lighthearted subversive, like funny instead of
weird and sexual, which is my first thought when i think of subversive.
