---
tags:
- 'age/year-of-desperation'
- journal
---

# Thursday 10 Feb 2011

freewrite feb10, '11

so here I am alone in this house that isn't mine, it's just after 1 o'clock and
I am all alone in this house that isn't mine, it's Melissa's and Andrew's house
and I am all alone in it. I assume that each is either working or sleeping now
and I am the only one awake. I went to sleep at 6:30 this morning and now I am
awake, alone, in this house. It is just after 1 o'clock so that means that I
was alseep for just under 7 hours, I really must sleep more often because I'm
not getting the right amount of sleep for me, I think that I need 10 hours all
of the time. This will not work so well with our 24 hour a day society. Perhaps
I will forge my own time clock when I can, but more than likely I'll just fall
in line with the others, because I cannot afford to do so otherwise. I've
contemplated the idea of creating a zero energy house with sustainability built
into it. The idea is that the house would be 3 to 4 floors, but deep in the
ground. The whole house would be cradled in earthquake absorbing materials, and
the idea is that I would use the lowest amount of earth's surface area for the
volume of the house that I would want. I don't know how the calculations would
go, but that's the idea of it being under the ground. Plus, being under the
ground would reduce the costs of heating it, even more so than the air-tight
sealing that would come from being an energy zero construction. I would have
turf planted on the roof, along with some deeper soil for some small plants.
However, the roof would also have a solar panel/radio tower/weather station,
that would serve as a hub for a local P2P network of my devising. I would have
a computer specifically for my local niehbors(sp) to connect to and store their
files onto, or perhaps just have an agreement for a local shared files thingis,
only for community creativity stuff? The house would have those windows that
heat water from absorbing sunlight. I am imagining that my house would have 3
to 4 layers. 

The ground floor is where all of the entertainment stuff would be. The
projection room is where the home theater is, with various types of seating,
improved surround sound set up, and the projector. At this point, I'm sure that
viddy games would be projector compatible to some degree. If not, then there is
a TV monitor around for that purpose. (I wonder if projectors have any
different energy costs? If so, than this idea might be changed to project as
special event status) I'll call it the Escape room. The kitchen has...I'm not
sure about that yet. The dining area would be directly connected to it, with a
sliding door separating them. (I have a feeling that I'm going to have quite a
few sliding doors in my house...because it's like you have the power to
rearrange your walls, dude!) The Escape room would not be so close to the
dining area, but close enough to the kitchen for movie snacks. The Entry way is
where the front door would be, and is kind of an airlock effect for sealing
purposes (I'll have to do research on how low energy houses do that) Coats,
shoes and other dealios would be stowed there. Next on the list is the Library.
Books, art, the physical copy of any movies or music media that hasn't been
pirated, anything that is "opaque" is displayed in the Library. I'm thinking
that it would be next to the Escape room, separated by a sliding door. It needs
to be far away from the food rooms. And that's probably the full capacity that
the first floor would have. Next, just under them, is the...and I'm running out
of steam for this. Until next time!

