---
date: '2020-11-23T16:12'
tags:
- writing/fragment
- writing/homework
- university
---

# Up In The Air

Movies are always a big deal—it’s one of the biggest industries in the
U.S. and the world over, and its very nature makes people famous. When
big, famous movies are filmed in St. Louis, does that fame trickle down?

During the first half of 2009, director Jason Reitman, along with actor
George Clooney, created Reitman’s third film *Up in the Air* in and
around St. Louis, using Lambert International Airport for several
scenes. Local talent was called upon for various roles in the production
of *Up in the Air*, and I was fortunate in having a sit-down with two of
them.

Nichole Tarpea and I had our sit-down at Las Palmas, a Mexican
restaurant in Woodson Terrace, just southeast of Lambert. Nichole is a
University of Missouri-St. Louis graduate that worked with the locals
that were hired on the film. Sipping her \$6 margarita (on the rocks),
she described her job as “a liaison between the production assistants
and the extras.” She worked extensively with the wardrobe department in
this capacity, because “we shot 7 different cities in Lambert. One day
we’d need to be Dallas, and the next would be Miami.” Nichole, along
with all of the production crew, worked 20-hour days while filming in
Lambert. She told me some of their stories over carnitas and salsa. “If
any of the extras got bored, we just let them watch the runway,” and how
“there was no smokescreen between us and George Clooney— when we sat
down in to eat, he was right there.” She told me that many people were
“Clooney hungry.”

I asked her what kind of impact this film would have on the careers of
those who worked on it, especially if it wins any of the six Oscar
awards it has been nominated for. She put her fork down for a moment of
thought. “I’m not so sure about the production assistants, but
definitely the higher-ups.” She explained that the production crew in
St. Louis worked on *Bill* (now called *Meet Bill*, the 2007 movie) as
it was being filmed here, and they’ve produced several commercials as
well. She hopes that the presence of films such as *Up in the Air* will
continue to attract film productions here. “I mean, the city has a big
tax break, and not many people use it.” The experience of working on
this film has “legitimized” her own career—she would have had “to move
to L.A.” to experience this job in normal circumstances.

In her case, as for many, a big, famous movie can propel someone’s
career, well, up.
