---
date: 2021-02-28T19:44
title: other notes
tags:
- note
- harriet-starr
---

Well, as I don’t like religion much, I’m inclined to make the Force less
of a religious thing and more of a science thing. Like, the idea is that
the Force is a part of magic that is not well understood, and that’s why
it’s mysterious, and that people make it into a cult-like thing but it’s
not necessary, it’s just something that people don’t understand, and
there’s no way to be empirical about it. Well, at least, there’s no way
to be rational about it, and the only empirical thing that can be said
about it is that some people are more sensitive to the intuition than
others, and that’s where we get our prophecies from. All divinationists
are trying to get their information from their Intuition, not everyone
has the same level of connection to the Force, so there are still
fraudsters out there tricking people, but there are also people who
genuinely have it and aren’t faking it. I think that is a good enough
thing about it. Although I can keep with the star wars theming and turn
it into a cult for some and a scientific endeavor for others. I just
want to make my world have shades of gray in it, instead of just good
and evil like both star wars and harry potter have. I also want to break
down gender and sex barriers in the famdoms too, but I think that I’ve
got some good ideas for that already, and I just need to do some
research so I don’t offend people with my ignorance. I know that I don’t
know things, and that’s okay. There are tricky subjects that we must all
grapple with, and this is one of them. I’m going to become a better ally
by the process of writing this book, and I’m glad for the feedback that
I have already gotten. I think that it’s going to be an important work,
even if it never gets published.

Wow, my life. It has been quite a journey here, hasn’t it? It started so
poorly, and it slowly gets better and better. I’m hopeful that soon
we’ll be able to have me working somewhere again, contributing to the
family in a fiscally positive way, in a way that also respects me and my
needs. I think that once there is a coronavirus vaccine, I will start to
work somewhere, nearly anywhere, just to get my hands back into the mix,
to start building up my confidence again. Then again, if I get this
DevOps job with Wash U, that will change a lot of things for me, for the
better, and I really hope that they offer it to me. I’m trying to be
hopeful, but I’m so discouraged at this point I don’t know what to do
anymore, besides just keep trying I guess.