---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

The real shame of it all was that the rock n roll of the past was
largely forgotten. People got tired of recordings once there was a
critical mass of them. People started to demand live recordings for the
holovids, so that they could have a real experience, or at least as real
as they could come to a recording. Then the holonet was established
later on that decade, so the demand for live performance was increased.
In fact, all music in the future is performed in some way. Once you
consider that androids are completely capable of playing an unlimited
amount of music and that they had the intelligence to create their own
compositions, people started demanding robot disk jockeys to perform
digital music at all times. Most of the music that is listened to the
characters in this story are in fact improvisational electro-jazz in
space, so that’s something that you have to imagine now. But they like
it, it’s barely jazz anyway, so don’t worry about it. One thing that is
really interesting though is that there’s always singing for people that
want singing, lots of improvisation for people who like that, there’s
robots that are going to play the same sort of rhythm section day in and
day out for people who want to listen to something interesting but not
intrusive. For every person, they figure out their musical tastes by
sampling what live performers want and have to perform. Most performers
are either androids, which means that they are property of the Empire or
whoever owns them, or they are people, which means that they work for
the state of whoever happens to employ them. It’s a sort of partial
patronage system, where the performers get a salary but also they can
receive payments from their listeners.

A similar thing works for the stage too. In fact, there are robots that
perform william shakespeare because it is public domain in rural areas
of the galaxy. In fact, at this point, shakespeare is so old that you
have to take lots of classes or have an artificial translator spell in
your head. So most of shakespeare is spoken in the local language, there
are spells that have been discovered to add rhyme and meter to spoken
language, so pretty much anyone can read shakespeare. it’s a strange
universe that they live in, but hey, they gotta live somewhere.

Anyway, Harriet likes punk rock that’s in the future so it’s not really
punk rock but she calls it punk rock and we believe her to her face but
disbelieve her behind her back. And she likes singing, and guitars, and
all the other stuff. She doesn’t have much money to spend on music
stuff, but when she does, it’s that one band that I made up for her in
that part of the manuscript where I talked about it before. and that
band gives out merch of course, so she definitely has a poster in her
room next to that of Autok of (Jesus I forgot their planet’s name, oh
well)
