---
date: 2020-11-24T13:21
tags:
- writing/story
- age/university
- writing/homework
title: Dragon
---

Once upon a time, a normal couple had a son. They named him Jacob
Arthur; they called him Jack. They roared to amuse him, and he roared
back. When he walked (finally), they gave Jack crayons. He drew
shapeless figures. They asked him what the shapeless figures were. He
told them that they were “dwagons.” Jack drew dragons: red dragons on
poster board, black dragons on yellow construction paper, faint dragons
on the dark kitchen cabinet doors, blue dragons on the drywall, and
orange dragons on the patio chairs. Furniture, walls, floors—nothing was
safe from the blunt wax, nothing undragoned. His mother wasn't too happy
when she found green-and-purple scorch marks on her brand new
refrigerator. His parents were dumbfounded—Dragons! Dragons? Can't he
like normal things, like GI Joe and firecrackers?

Jack's crayons were taken away.

Jack drew dragons in a notebook. He drew dragon-themed comic strips in
the long morning ride to school, between classes, during classes. He
drew dragons eating geometric figures on his math homework. He drew
dragons fighting to impress his few friends. He drew dragons hugging
each other to impress girls. He drew dragons from the penises that
invaded his often-stolen notebook. He drew dragons on thank you cards,
Christmas cards, birthday cards. He was voted “Most Artistic,” but only
because he was always covered in paint.

Near the end of his senior year, his high school had a contest. Jack
labored long hours on his oily masterpiece: a mural-long serpentine
dragon with wings, claws, and fire. Knights were in the corner, doomed.
The scales were iridescent, too; he had spent extra money for this. He
hardly survived the week following up the event with all of the art that
was flowing onto his canvas.

The first place winner was a three-perspective Cubist pigeon. Jack got a
participation award.

The award was burned. The drawing, the painting, it all stopped. He
started to read. He read fantasy novels and art books. He read them by
the day. He could walk from the bookstore to his bus stop and read
without tripping on the uneven pavement. He met Morgan, a woman working
at the bookstore. She read fantasy, too. He introduced himself as
Arthur. They talked about fantasy topics at first, but then it went
elsewhere, like the dragon tattoo on his back, his bare, shirtless back.
Three months after, they started playacting-- he was a dragon, pillaging
her village. Arthur took up painting again, trying to fill up books this
time. Dragons were always in the forefront, with human props. Morgan
advised that he do other subjects too whenever he wanted to get
published.

Arthur never sold his books to anybody.

Arthur and Morgan bought a house. Morgan got him a job at the bookstore,
and they climbed the store's ladders together. INSERT Eventually, Arthur
and Morgan had two kids, Alice and Thomas. When Arthur first introduced
his dragon art books to her, Alice said that dragons were cool, but she
would rather hang out with unicorns-- they were less greedy and better
groomed. Arthur couldn't draw unicorns, and all of the stories that
featured them were waste-basketed. When it came time for his son to be
exposed, Thomas thought dragons were old and dead. He wanted to play
with things that were “now.”

Arthur bought him GI Joe and firecrackers.

Arthur's head balded in the usual way, and his suitcase for work was
gold-tipped, but Arthur had no fire about him anymore. He was walking
rigor mortis. Years past. Arthur retired, Morgan died; Alice and Thomas
visited sometimes, moreso when they had grand kids to bring.

When the grand kids were older, he didn't show them his unpublished art
books.

Jacob Arthur's old age twisted him; he didn't have much time. Jacob
Arthur wanted to stand on his own. He wanted to walk to his old house
and see all of his grand-kids and give them crayons and poster board.
But mainly, he wanted dragon things. He wanted to roar. He wanted to
live in a remote cave, jealous of his treasure horde. He wanted to fly
and survey his well-deserved kingdom. He wanted to pillage Morgan like
he used to when she was alive-- hell, he wanted to pillage all those
young nurses that handled his medical bags. He wanted them all,
giggling. He wanted knights to come to the rescue; he'd crush them in
his powerful claws. He wanted to feast upon those knights. He wanted to
be better than their swords and horses. He wanted to be better than
unicorns. He wanted to be better than GI Joe and firecrackers. He wanted
to be better than that stupid three-perspective Cubist pigeon. He wanted
to breathe fire, even as a child making green-and-purple scorch marks on
the refrigerator. He wanted to breathe that fire and be that fire
forever.

Jacob Arthur was soon buried. No mention of dragons.
