---
date: '2020-11-23T16:23'
tags:
- fragment
- fiction/story
- age/highschool
---

# What Remains

Toby Schleisguth wasn’t a man of class. He didn’t have any manners, no
sense of ettiquitte, hardly worked, and he didn’t finish high school.
The only class that Toby had was the graduation ring that he borrowed
from his friend to impress a girl. He didn’t have a chance, and it
didn’t work for any of the other girls after that, either. But, the way
that Tony saw it, at least he doesn’t have any babymommas to deal with.
Or that friend, for that matter.

Toby, with a stained bathrobe, waddled to the mailbox on the porch. The
mailbox still read “Gracie Schleiguth” even though she’s been dead for
10 years. It’s not like he was going to change the address. It’s not
like he needed a mailbox of his own. Only people that pay bills need
mailboxes.

Toby swished the filth in his mouth around as he approached the mailbox.
He was always hoping that there would be a big check with his name on
it, but it usually was catalogues. He would get a fantasy football
subscription, but then people would trace him to the house. No, better
to buy it at the grocery store, right next to the tequila.

Toby walks out, finds the cremains, chokes on the spit, calls his
fantasy football bookie, tries to figure out what to do, bookie doesn’t
help, and then the investigators show up. Paranoia and a nearly dead
morality clash in Toby’s mind. My only plan for the ending is to
incorporate the phrase, “what remains” in it. My initial idea is to have
Toby get rid of it, and answering a question about the remains, and
reponse is ‘what remains?’
