---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

She first heard about it in history class, it being the end of the
Silence. It happened in about the middle of the twenty-first century: it
seems that they were facing some “climate crisis.” It had gotten so bad,
that the mages of the world could not stand idly by while their world
was destroyed by over-industrialization. The end of the Silence was when
magic users came out into the open and spoke. It was when mages and
mundanes began to mingle, as it were. That was from a poem of the time,
she believed. That’s why it had that rhyme-y sound. She didn’t like
things that rhymed. She preferred imagist poetry, when she had an
opinion. She didn’t always like poetry. rarely, but when she does like
it, it is about waterfalls, giant trees, or whatever other planetary
wildlife that they went on about. It was the closest that she got to be
planetside for 10 years. She was a senior in this school though; pretty
soon, maybe she’ll go planetside and never leave. If she wanted to. What
she’ll probably do is play more football. That’s what she was good at.
Not history, not poetry: football. Zero-fucking-G football. Running
around the pitch, all three-dimensional energy fields of it. She
couldn’t explain how much better it was. At least, can’t explain in
words. She could definitely show you. If you were paying attention.

Oh, right, history. This was history class with Professor Satti-Ding.
Yes, that Professor Satti-Ding. She shouldn’t get caught not paying
attention again, she had no idea of what kind of trouble she was going
to get into. So, pay attention. Okay, so the magic users in that era
fixed the climate temporarily, so that the mundanes could fix their
industries and stop the climate problem. After a period of about a
hundred years, they found out about the combination of technology and
magic and then their civilization ascended to the status it is now,
which is an interstellar empire that commands thousands of worlds, and
it was all thanks to those magic-users that lived before. Sounded like a
completely typical thing that Professor Satti-Ding would say. It was
always about the magi of ages past. We weren’t any good, but they were.
Professor Satti-Ding looked right at her.

“Miss Starr, could you please tell us something about the lesson?
Something relevant this time please.”

“Well,” she said, “The Mages of Ages past gave us the foundation of our
society, right?”

“Yes, Miss Star, they did. We covered that about five minutes ago. Could
we have something from, um, just now? Perhaps?”

She paused. Time-blindness, curse my time-blindness. I swear it’s going
to be the death of me.

“Um, that is, they established so many different things, thanks to the
merger of magic and technology. Magitechnology, that’s right?”

Professor Satti-Ding nodded.

“And,” she was fumbling over her words now, speaking too quickly to
really enunciate all of her vowels, like Professor Xann is constantly
telling her. She’s got to die some day, right? No one that old should be
allowed to take a hovercar anywhere, “So, they helped invent zero-g
football!”

Professor Satti-Ding raised an eyebrow, “Excuse me, Harriet Starr?” It
seems that he forgot to sip his tea for about a half-minute longer than
usual. “Please, continue.”

“Well, stands to reason,” she said, “Without their research, how would
we have worked out force fields? And without forcefields, you can’t have
a pitch, can you? We walk on the forcefields when we are on the sides of
the pitch, and without that part of the pitch, then what would be the
point?”

Professor Satti-Ding narrowed his eyes, but, and this was surprising,
said “Go on?”

“Okay, sure, um,” she said, looking up for the first time, as if the
answer was written on the ceiling. The world stopped. “Without those
discoveries, I never would have found my purpose in life. Thank you,
Professor. An inspiration to us all.”

Professor Satti-Ding smiled. Actually, beamed. “Well done, Harriet. I’m
glad to see that my lesson is inspiring you. Is that why, perhaps, you
were daydreaming?”

Damn. Nothing ever gets passed that man.