---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

Just as the enemy was starting to power up their ship to apparate out of
there, Q’nall and Eenee rapidly floated to the enemy ship’s position and
opened fire. The first few volleys were unsuccessful, they completely
missed the target because the enemy ship moved out of the way of the
blasts of magical energy.

“Damn, there goes our surprise, Nall,” Eenee shouted into her radio
transmitter, “Looks like we are going to have to destroy this ship. We
can’t jeopardize the mission, you know that.”

“We might be able to disable them still, just keep them from apparating
out of here. You keep taking the shots, I’ll cover you.” Q’nall began to
reactivate his ships systems to get ready for a dog fight. He flipped
toggles in the proper sequence. Normally this kind of thing is a
preflight check that you take slowly so your ship doesn’t get destroyed
in the vacuum of space by a systems failure. The fact that he was doing
this while also trying to take down a fighter would have gotten a
talking to from his commanding officer for sure.

His engines fully charged, he began attack pattern upsilon, a pretty
rare maneuver that involved flying in a chaotic pattern that is meant to
throw the enemy off balance, but requires a great deal of balance
itself.

“Careful Nall, your ship is getting too close, I might hit you,” Eenee’s
voice came over the comm system, the radio that operates at greater than
the speed of light, it operates at the speed of magic.

“Take the shot!” Q’nall shouted into his radio, “Don’t worry about me!”
Q’nall was still swaying his ship back and forth, getting closer and
closer to his target. The Imperial fighter wasn’t having much luck
evading his attack pattern, but Q’nall was determined to capture the
enemy and take them prisoner. He knew that the ship would have to divert
power to the apparation drive to be able to jump out of normal space,
and based on the intelligence reports they’ve stolen, these Imperial
ships have to be nearly at a standstill in order to activate the drive.
Because he was closing in on them, the enemy couldn’t apparate.

Unless.

The enemy ship started to glow. The light became more and more bright,
more and more powerful. The enemy ship was still dodging both the
magical blasts from Eenee and the buzzing annoyance of Q’nall, but the
apparation drive was clearly activating. Not in the way that it normally
operates, but it was clearly… overloading? Q’nall couldn’t believe it,
were they going to self-destruct? No, that didn’t make sense.

Unless, they were diverting all their weapon power into the drive. That
explains the glowing energy field, it looks exactly like when a weapon
system is about the explode. But in this case, if they were skilled
enough, they might be able to regulate the power flow and be able to
activate the spell circuitry when the apparation core was charged
enough. But it looks like the drive is overloading and could explode. If
that drive isn’t activated soon, the enemy pilot, Eenee, and Q’nall
would all die.

“I’m closing in, Nall, I can’t get a good shot,” Eenee shouted over the
comm system, “Keep on their tail, I’m the cavalry.”

“No!” Q’nall was desperate enough to pull the radio transmitter closer
to his face, “We’ll be destroyed–”

There was a flash of light, and all three ships disappeared from normal
space.