---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Well, this was it. This was the moment that hey were all waiting for.
She just had to jump towards the lever, pull it down, and grab onto the
portkey when it apparated in. There was no way that she would have
enough time to get another chance at this, this was the proverbial it.

She didn’t consciously try to time it in any particular way. Like in
football, she followed her instinct. And she leapt for it. A ball wizzed
past her face as she tried the lever. It was not well oiled, it seemed,
because it wasn’t moving. Harriet pulled with all her might, but it
wasn’t budging. And she was caught in the middle of a crossfire, and it
was only a matter of time until someone fired at her. She was a sitting
duck, and she was pulling the lever has hard has she could. There was no
telling how long it was going to take to get this lever moving, but it
was going to need to be now.

And she ran out of time. She could see one of the armada officers turn
his laser wand towards her, and fire. Just as the bolt of energy was
about to hit her, a football flew right into the line of fire and
absorbed the blast. It changed direction, and hit the lever with a
massive boost of speed, allowing it to move finally. After Harriet made
sure that the lever was all the way down, she dove into her hiding spot
where she was before.

“Now what?” she shouted.

“It’s going to take a second for the manual override to charge enough to
activate the portkey spell,” Tobial said, “once it appears, we jump for
it.”

The port key appeared. It was exactly like the last one that was
destroyed by a random football, except not destroyed like the one that
was hit by a random football. It had eight handles on it.

“Go go go!” Q’nall said, and all of them jumped out to grab onto the
portkey. Eenee cast a defensive spell to redirect an energy blast, then
grabbed the portkey the last one to do so.

“Hang on!” Tobial said, and they vanished from the station. They were
surrounded by wildlife now, surrounding a small pavilion.

“this doesn’t look like an official imperial transfer station,” Q’nall
said.

“They renovated it. They were getting complaints that the aesthetic
didn’t match the surrounding community.”
