---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

So, this was going to be a tight squeeze, through the hallway into the
next room, undetected by Armada troops, Especially with all the
footballs taking up so much room zipping around everywhere. This is
either going to go down as the most epic use of a football ever, or it’s
going to horribly backfire and get someone killed. Harriet wasn’t too
worried about anyone getting killed, except maybe for her. She couldn’t
decide what the groundskeeper would say to her. They are a giant in the
groundskeeping world, she heard. Then again, there are always rumors
about professors being weirdos or geniuses from all over the galaxy.
Harriet always wondered why they were here, at this rinky dinky school
for children. It’s not like they were special in any way. Or where they?
There were some rumors that kids that couldn’t take it here would be
escorted to a special secret school in this same station that would
break them and turn them into killing machines. Or something like that.
Harriet was again unsure about this claim. After all, she wouldn’t try
to hide a school on a space station, she would try to hid it on the
planet surface, on the nearby planet. That’s a better place to hide
things. Here on the station, there wasn’t any room for any kind of
shenanigans about missing students and monsters and things. There’s just
no way that any of that would happen. .It’s not like there’s a secret
chamber of secrets.

There couldn’t be any monsters on the station, because if there were,
they wouldn’t allow students to stay here at all, would they? If anyone
died, they would close the school down immediately and send everyone
home, right? If children can’t be safe in this school, then they
wouldn’t be allowed to come here. But then Harriet started to consider
scenes in which there would be some kind of bad situation that they
couldn’t run away from. Things like, quarantine? Oh yeah, if the station
were quarantined there would be no leaving. That’s kinda the point of a
quarantine, you don’t go anywhere. You wouldn’t have any choice. So
that’s a situation where they couldn’t leave. What about a rebel attack,
would that mean evacuation or lockdown? I suppose it depends on how big
the threat is to the school. If they were going to survive the attack,
it’d be lockdown. Otherwise, emergency evacuation seems much more likely
to her.

What a thought, huh? Space Jesus, since when did Harriet start to worry
about a hypothetical like that
