---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

The school was something to behold, while all the while it was pretty
ugly. It was standard Imperial space station architecture, with the
cylindrical stick in the donut, as described elsewhere in this book. The
main difference between the school and other space stations was not
pronounced on the outside. The inside though, they tried to make it as
much of a school environment as possible. Well, a mix of a school and
the surrounding town. Except in the space station, it’s reversed: the
downtown part is in the central corridor, and the homes are all on the
outer rings. Of course, because of gravitational magic, the walls of the
donut are the floor, and the walls of the station are on the tops and
bottoms of the donut itself. Confusing. And it doesn’t end there. The
rod that makes the center of the station has it’s own gravitational
orientation, the top of the rod points away from the station.

That means that there’s a contradiction in the manuscript now, so you’ll
have to fix it later. The station always points away from a planet, that
makes sense because it takes less magically energy to mitigate that
gravity. In fact, it would probably make sense that the central core
part of a space station doesn’t have any gravity on, and that you have
to work in zero-g. But, then again, that’s not star wars or harry
potter, so I’ll ignore what I said. I think the central spire is going
to be called the Tower of the station, and that’s where external
equipment get’s attached to, to the ends of the spire. And the donut
part of the station is the outer ring. The outer ring of the station is
decided into sections. The dorms are located all together, and the
school takes up the rest of the outer ring. The stores and in the
central ring.

That means that each dorm room has a planetside window and a awayside
window. Each dorm has four people in it, and a central bathroom that is
shared by all the dorm mates. Harriet is dorm mates with Jem, Ven-tika,
and Charlize. Charlize isn’t that outgoing, so we haven’t really seen
her in the story yet. I think that Charlize needs to do something
interesting, kinda a Neville character.