---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

Today is the day that the Rebellion will either win or lose, and it now
all comes down to the plan that Tobial came up with. It seemed like a
pretty good plan, but what bothered Harriet about the plan was that
involved her flying in a spaceship. It seems that the Rebellion was in
need of warm bodies for their battle fleets, and although it was
promised to her that she was not going to be involved in a dogfight, she
was still really certain that she wasn't going to come out of this whole
adventure without seeing some blaster fire. Just saying. There was a
pretty good chance that she wasn't going to come out of this alive, or
not in jail, or whatever happens to rebels when they are caught. She was
certain that she was going to go to political prison at this point. Then
again, she accepted that when she accepted to come here. These were the
consequences of her choice, and although it was a hard choice to make,
she decided that she was going to follow through with it. She was pretty
good at follow through, except when there was homework involved. Then she
needed more help, but hey, you can't be good at everything. At least
that's what his smart friends always said.

The plan was something brilliant, I'm sure. It has to do with switching
the station from combustion mode to terraforming mode while the
combustion spell chamber is powering up. With all the spell energy
building up in the chamber with no where for it to go, it'll leave the
chamber the only way it can, by exploding. And with that amount of
energy being released, it's probably going to be a really big explosion.
Possibly enough to destroy the entire station. All of Project Fireball
will go up in a fireball. The real trick is to leave the station before
it explodes but after the sabotage. There was going to be about a 15
minute window max, Tobial said, from when the switch takes place to when
the chamber will go critical. But we can't just make the switch then
leave, someone might switch it back, so we have to do the switch, then
damage the equipment, then leave. The reason why Harriet was going to
need to be on a ship is because they needed to be able to get two and
from the station without being noticed. Luckily, the Rebellion bought a
shuttle, the same kind of shuttle that the Empire uses, and then Tobial
used his Imperial knowledge to program the shuttle to behave like one
that was purchased by the Empire. That way, it should be able to pass as
a friendly ship onto the station, at least enough for it to get past the
shields, so that they could apparate in and out of there before they all
die. However, of course, if they did die during the mission, it will
have been worth it because it will stop the Empire from creating a
superweapon, that will devastate worlds and conquer them for the Empire.

I can make that plan work in the fiction, otherwise, I'll
change it, but it seems like a decent plan considering the magic and
technology. Since people can teleport themselves from place to place,
why not use that for the infiltration? And there's a detail in my head
that I don't think I've written anywhere: Unlike portkeys and other
pieces of magitech that does teleporting, when someone uses their own
powers to teleport, it cannot be redirected, so you have to set up
different spells to counteract people being able to teleport in and out
of places. Fortunately for the Rebellion, because the station is a
high-trust project, there aren't any personal teleportation prevention
spells active in the project, since that would slow down production if
people couldn't apparate from place to place on the station. Well, that
was going to cost them the battle, because Tobial knows the station
pretty intimately, they are going to apparate in to a well hidden
junction, and then crawl to the manual switch that they need to through
to switch the station from combustion to terraforming. The mode control
switch, I guess it'll be called. That switch is going to take some time
to throw, and when it does, it's going to set off some alarms, so
there's going to be a fight once that process is started. The plan for
getting the switch to stay in place is to do something fancy, but what
ends up happening is that they have to melt the metal in place and thus
freeze the control to the terraforming position. If the station doesn't
get destroyed, that would low them down enough to not destroy the fleet
around the station long enough for them to escape with their lives.