---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

They couldn’t have found out about him. There was no way that he was
that careless. He covered his tracks so well. How was it that they
blocked his transmission? It was on a secure channel, after all. And he
wasn’t careless. Never that careless. Except, this time, maybe he was.
He wasn’t a spy by nature, no one was. That must be some kind of learned
thing, over time, learned not in a classroom but in situations just like
this.

He wondered whether or not he was going to get out of this alive. There
was no telling how much trouble he was going to get into. There was
certainly no way for him to figure out how he was caught. Well, maybe he
wasn’t caught, after all? He thought about it. It’s possible that he
just had somehow got involved in some magic failure. It was known to
happen. In fact, in high security matters just like Project Fireball,
they didn’t use this kind of communication system. It was just too
unreliable for their exacting standards. Everything was done in person,
with padds being handed out by officers to their engineering staffs. Hm.
What if there was some communication blackout that he didn’t know about.
That was also a good possibility. It’s possible that all communication
traffic to and from the station was going to be blocked, no matter what
he did. He’d have to get into whatever magic system was maintaining this
jamming signal and figure it out from there. But that was the road to
madness, because if he tried that, he’d definitely get caught and die.
No trials were conducted when things were this high security, at least
that’s what the consensus was among the crew of Project Fireball.

No, he was going to have to do this manually, with his own hands. He was
going to hand deliver the news and the schematics to the Rebellion. And
that made him nervous. Well, a great many things made him nervous, but
this especially made him nervous. But, now he was a week behind. If they
did trace his communication, that means that they’ve had a week to try
to break his encryption and figure out who sent that mysterious signal
to outer space.

There wasn’t much time to lose, so he got straight to work on his new
plan. His new plan involved a lot of holonet research, so he was going
to have to be careful about that, too. There’s no telling who is
watching the watchers of the holonet, that’s for sure.

I’m really struggling right now, because I’m nervous about this job
thing and getting my references set up. I’m afraid that I’m not going to
make some deadline, and now I won’t get this job at all. I’m afraid that
even if I were to get to a second interview, I wouldn’t be any good at
it, and that I’d be rejected then anyway. I’m feeling pretty hopeless
about the whole thing, honestly.

Anyway, back to the story. I found that the most interesting part of
Tobial’s character so far is that he is a traitor who is ultimately
loyal. He doesn’t reject the culture he is from, rather he believes that
he is going to save it from a dangerous situation that no one can see
but him. I don’t want to have him be like some kind of delusional
person, who thinks that they are in the middle of some vast conspiracy,
I’m open to the possibility that he’s some kind of something when it
comes to mental health problems. Then again, I really only want that
because I want to have mental health representation in my work ,but the
real question is, what is the appropriate amount of inclusion that I
want to include in my story? I can’t have every character be a different
thing, that would be too much work.