---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

Tobial Bee wasn’t to keen to start on the repair. He was pretty sure
that there was something going on with this secret space station that he
was only just now trying to put together a theory that maybe something
was happening that wasn’t okay with him. But all he ever did was to work
on the terraforming spell crystals. They had various fiddly terraforming
spells in them: grow grass on barren ground, plant jungle plants in hot
humid areas, that sort of thing. The spells were recorded in something
like 10 thousand little crystals that littered the outer ring of the
station. Each one doing a slightly different job. From what he could
tell, the planet that would be created by these spells would be an Earth
like paradise. There were many different plants and animals that the
terraforming system would introduce that do not come from Earth, but the
fact that the biosphere there is so well kept, like a neat little lawn
of grass, really, that it practically is heaven on earth. Or wherever
this thing would be directed to. The question that Tobial had was, why
do you need such a big station to do terraforming. Terraforming was
normally a process that took decades of magic users sitting on nasty
planets and casting spells to make them nice to live on. The empire has
terraformed at least a dozen worlds, many of them devastated by previous
wars that the Empire didn’t fight in. These war torn worlds would be
claimed by the Empire, and then turned into a really good resource, just
like the Empire did for everyone. Why would there be a Rebellion, why
should there be a Rebellion? There’s no good reason why the Rebellion
should be running around killing people. That’s just not right. The
Rebellion will be ended by the Empress, she promised that to the people.
And she always gets what she wants, because she deserves it.