---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

So, there they were, waiting for the ship to leave. They weren't certain
that the food barge was going to go exactly where they expected it to
go. There were all kinds of factors. Things that they couldn't possibly
anticipate. Murphy's law was as certain as the sun. Something was going
to go wrong, he was sure of it. Tobial had never left anything to chance
in his entire life, and now he was going to have to do something risky
for a good cause. For a good cause, mind you. But still, risky.

Tobial went over the plan over and over in his head. There was anymore
any number of things that could go wrong, like for instance, what if the
pilot decides to take a break right before the docking procedure? What if
the other officer is late? Timing was everything in an operation like
this, and there was little room for uncertainty. It took a lot of
credits to get all of them onto this barge, and that wasn't including
the bribe that he had to make to the port master to even get into the
barge. What was the excuse that he used? Oh right, he was smuggling
drugs. That was a common enough reason to want access to cargo without a
permit. It was reason enough to choose that particular port master, she
was notorious for allowing contraband into the station. After all, how
else were people going to get their drugs? Life in Project Fireball was
stressful, and the personnel that peopled that station were high stress
individuals, and the drugs helped them cope with what they were doing.
I'm sure that the high command of the station was even indulging in
drugs, to keep their conscience clear. Anything for the Empire, he
supposed. Then again, he wasn't working for the Empire exclusively
anymore, was he? No, he was slowly turning into a Rebel, and that scared
him just a bit. He knew that change was something that didn't come
easily to people, especially him. He hadn't even changed his breakfast
for 10 years. But now he was becoming a rebel, and that was a huge
change in his world. And at some point, he wasn't going to be able to
see his family any more. That hurt him. He had already written many
letters to his family, begging for forgiveness for his actions.
Explaining why he was doing it. Explaining that someday, he would be
exonerated as a hero, not a traitor. It was going to be history to be
the judge of him, not the Empress or anyone else. History would decide
if what he did here today was righteous or not. And he was betting on
history seeing it his way, the way of the Rebellion, the way of the
Empire not committing horrible war crimes in the name of a single
Empress.

There wasn't anyway that they were going to get out of this alive, was
there? There was just no way. They were going to die as traitors, and no
one was going to mourn them. Well, the Rebellion was going to mourn
them, since they were traitors to. What was he thinking? He shouldn't
have let Tobial talk him into this mission. There were too many risks,
and that meant that he was going to die. He was going to be a tragic
hero to the Rebellion, but a traitor to the empire, and that means that
he wasn't going to get buried properly. That means that he's not going
to be cremated and shot into space like he wanted to. Well, maybe that
can be done from the Rebellion stronghold on Gorgaplax. That would be
the kind of thing that they might do. They were once Imperial citizens,
so they understand the burial rites just like anyone else.

You see, burial in the ground was considered a wasteful thing to do,
like littering or dumping garbage into a pure mountain stream. It was
considered pollution, and pollution was what caused the original climate
crisis on Earth, wasn't it? That's what happened. Of course, Earth is no
longer in danger, but that's because people stopped burying their dead.
Well, some religions still practiced it, but they were grandfathered in.
All new, sanctioned burials were in space. Some places that were popular
to place a memorial was in Kuiper belts, or other asteroid belts in
whatever system that you lived in. Others opted to just be sent out into
space, with a tracking system of course, if someone needed to find you.
Because asteroid belts were an environmental feature in the star systems
that they appear in, that means that they are under some of the same
environmental concerns as planetary bodies. That's why it was popular to
send yourself into space. Some people preferred to be shot into their
star for their system, but that was pretty rare, but growing in
popularity. Because of the advances in magical medicine, they can keep a
sort of hologram of your body so that they can do any examinations on
that body without needing the original. Still, some people were
sentimental about remains, and had their loved ones encased in a block
of carbon that served as an urn of sorts.