---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

There was a particularly strange shop in the school’s central ring
corridor. You might call it a promenade, but I haven’t decided to do
that yet. Anyway, in the central ring corridor there was a shop that was
zombie themed. It was called “Zombie Shanks” and they sold novelty items
to the students and staff at the school. They were not in good shape,
business wise, with the loss of popularity of zombies in recent years.
It always came in waves: one generation would be obsessed, then the next
would be tired and over it. This wasn’t a good year at all for the
store. Rumor had it that it could end up being closed.

This is what Harriet and Jem were talking about as they passed the shop
by.

“Zombies, ugh, they are so gross,” Harriet said, “I don’t understand the
appeal. It’s just gross people with gross making that eat other gross
people. Just gross.”

“I kinda like it,” Jem said, “The fact that they have a theme, I mean.
They could do a different theme, maybe?”

“Like what?”

“Like, uh, scary clowns? That’d scare everyone away”

“Oh, that would be so much worse. How did anybody ever like clowns?
Should they be illegal by now?”

“Okay, something else then.”

“How about football theme,” Harriet said with a big grin on her face.

“Dear lord, everything is football with you! There should be something
that isn’t football in your life. Like, boys or something!”

“Boys. are. worse. than. zombies!” Harriet said gleefully, “I’m going to
be an old maid. Just me and footie are all I need.”

“I hope that you’ll allow me to still be your friend in your old age?”

“Of course, of course, we can call each other on our holophones and talk
about old times, zombies, and clowns.”

“Alright, then, holophone conversations? What about living together you
loon?”

“Fine fine fine,” Harriet said, “You can bring all the boys over you
want, but I will still be an old maid. And we need a cat.”

“A cat?”

“Yes, a black cat named Ginger.”

“What?” Jem started to laugh uncontrollably, her eyes slightly watering
up at the effort of not crying or peeing herself, “We can’t have a cat!”

“Not with that attitude, you can’t,” Harriet said triumphantly, “You
need the right attitude with animals, especially cats.”

“Does it have to be an Earth cat?”

“No, it can come from any planet at all, as long as it’s a cat! A black
cat named–”

“–Named Ginger, I heard,” Jem interrupted. “I’ll think about it. But you
have to promise me that if it turns out that I’m allergic, we are
getting a different pet, and you can call it an opposite color if you
like.”

“Ooo, like a Alteric Rackclaw, and call it Fluffy?”

“Don’t joke about that, Harriet, you could get into trouble, smuggling a
rackclaw anywhere, they shouldn’t be pets. No housing officer will let
that happen.”

“Not if we make it invisible!”

“Listen, and listen closely,” Jem said with an almost straight face, “I
agree to having an invisible pet rackclaw named Fluffy if any only if we
can train it to do the dishes.”

“Deal!” Harriet and Jem shook hands on it.