---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Tobial wasn’t really going to do this, was he? Well, he was the main
magitech engineer on this station. This death station. He shouldn’t call
it that. This was Project Fireball, not Project Death Station. Tobial
was a nervous man, by nature, so this was probably just nerves getting
to him again. He was the main engineer dammit, not a philosopher. He had
a job to do. And this weapon was going to end the war, wasn’t it? Well,
he shouldn’t call it a war. War was never formally declared by the
emperor. This was a civil action, or whatever they called it these days.
Peace-making effort? Tobial shook his head.

He was really going to do it. He was going to install the final piece to
the weapon in a matter of weeks now. Before, it was months ago. Years
ago. Tobial walked to the computer terminal in his quarters and flipped
it on. The magic sigils danced to life on the screen, until they got
into place and then shows the standard starting screen. Tobial always
imagined that the sigils had a life of their own, and that they were
greeting each other as they traveled across the flat surface of the
terminal glass. The teletype keyboard awaited his entry. Tobial
hesitated, naturally, but then he entered his commands, swiftly typing
out the sigils on the keyboard. The screen changed again, the little
symbols waltzing to their new positions.

It had been 8 years, 4 months, and 26 days since the start of Project
Fireball. The original projections had this project done in under five
years, but that was an optimistic projection. But then again, you always
gave the Emperor an optimistic projection. She wasn’t one to like bad
news. Her ruling council figured that one out years ago, after about
half of them were put in prison for pessimistic projections that
exasperated her. Because the Emperor was the law, she was above it,
which means that her displeasure was the cause for any number of
imprisonments. There was no death penalty in the Empire, but
imprisonment was common. Usually what happened was that you’d get
charged for conspiracy and sedition, then she would pardon you six
months later, as a warning.

Maybe that’s what’s been keeping him from action all this time. Tobial
was a careful man, his family depended on him. If something happened, if
he was caught doing any more sabotage, he was going to get his family
imprisoned, and he couldn’t bear that. His sweet husband and three
daughters don’t deserve to be imprisoned, even if his children were
going to be put into a school rather than prison. It was the same, in
his mind. They would certainly think so. It was amazing what triplets
would think, when they thought together. They were going to that school,
right? The space station school, what was it called now? Oh yes, the
Unity Institute. They had a rather good zero-g football team, as he
recalled.

He entered in new commands, and the screen danced to life again. This
time, one sigil grew and expanded until it was a perfect line drawing of
Project Fireball. Half of it was a bog standard space station, with a
circular design and a central spike down the middle. Rather like a
pretzel stick through a donut, if the donut hole was small and the
pretzel stick was making full contact with the donut’s ring. He
remembered back in the day that his mates would make jokes about how
space stations looked like something biological, even sexual. Those
jokes were nothing now. He didn’t have that sense of humor anymore. This
was no laughing matter. The main difference with Project Fireball and a
normal station, was that a dangerous pronged fork was at the top end of
the station. Well, rather, the bottom? He had a hard time talking about
the station’s orientation to his subordinates, he always got it
backwards. The fork always pointed at the planet it was targeting, but
the main gravitational direction had your feet pointing away from the
planet, so the station was, always upside-down, right? But the fork was
always pointing up in his schematics. He remembered that the committee
that designed this station didn’t think of the fork as a fork, they
thought of it as a crown, symbolizing the Emperor, the Imperial Armada,
and everything else that was wrong with this society.

He was going to do the work to get this station operational, but, and
this was final: he was going to make contact with the Rebellion. There
was nothing for it. No world, no matter how much they didn’t want to bow
down to the greatest civilization that ever existed, was going to burn.
Not on his watch.
