---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Harriet was starting to get worried about her exams coming up by the end
of the year. She was not feeling well prepared. She seemed well
prepared, what, three years ago was it? It must have been, that was the
last time she did exams like this. When she was passing from Grade 9 to
Grade 10. The school grading system had four school levels with three
grade levels within, so Grades 1 - 3 are in the Early Childhood school,
Grades 4 thru 6 are in the Elementary school, Grades 7 through 9 are in
the middle school, and 10 through 12 were in the high school. Or, as
they were known to the Imperial citizenry, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary,
and Quaternary Schools.

There were many levels to school in the Empire, so they decided that you
could go to as many levels as you like, assuming that you pass the
previous levels. Between every level of school, there is an exam that is
meant to evaluate you for passage to the next level of school. If you
don’t pass, then you don’t get to advance to the next level. You must
stay for another year, or drop out of school. The only really important
school that everyone needs in the Empire is the Primary school. That’s
the period when a child is taught how to be a person. Secondary school
is for learning how to be a citizen of the Empire. The Tertiary school
is for learning how to be responsible. And the Quaternary school is
meant to teach you how to be professional. It is the level most people
need to pass in order to hold the good jobs in the Empire. But, it is
also a requirement for playing zero-g football professionally. They
expect professionalism on the field, not the youthful exuberance of
“school soccer.” They expect that you can pass Quaternary school.
Unfortunately, Harriet had a problem. She had senioritis really bad.
Like so bad that if she didn’t think anyone would kill her, she would
not be watching this presentation on how to give presentations. She was
bored, bored bored bored. She would rather be doing nearly anything
else, but especially she would not mind running laps around the pitch if
it meant she never had to hear about presentations ever again. However,
if you want to go pro, you have to be a pro, and this presentation is
teaching you how to be a professional. Plus, you can get someone to help
you review this stuff later, when you are less obsessed with running
laps.

Who is this?

Your inner professional, Harriet Starr. Your inner professional.

Harriet didn’t know what the levels after Quaternary school are.
Probably something to do with knowledge and service to culture, or
something like that. There was no way that she was going to do any of
that kind of school. There was just no way. If this was supposed to be
the professional level, how much worse could it get at higher levels?
Would people really start to care about learning? One way that Harriet
and a lot of her football mates was to make fun of learning at every
moment they could.

Football was life, as far as Harriet and her footie mates were
concerned. They didn’t care much about anything else. They cared about
the songs. They cared about the kicks. They cared about the goals. But
mostly they cared about each other, and that’s how it should be. The
station was there’s, at least, any time they weren’t playing with a
different team, that would come onto the station for their home games.
The Cassiopeia Catfishes weren’t any kind of fierce fighting force, but
they do love their football, and Harriet was the lead adherent to this
odd little religion they found themselves in.

Football was live on the holovid. Harriet couldn’t keep her eyes away.
She was so focused that her voice volume control which was usually on
lockdown as far as Harriet was concerned, started to become
uncontrolled. She ended up waking up three dorms when she squeed at
Autok’s final kick into the inner circle. She woke up all those people,
when eventually, she was told to shut the hell up, by all of her dorm
mates. That was the time that Harriet decided that she was going to be
quiet more often, because that was really embarrassing for her.

So, she was really interested in football. It was life, and it was the
best. She only had one friend that wasn’t on the football team, and that
was Saavitte. Saavitte was the only nerd that Harriet wanted to hang out
with. It started as a tutoring relationship, but it became a good
friendship that seemed like an old one but was actually quite new. They
even thought they were in love for a short time, but they decided that
wasn’t going to happen, they were better friends than lovers. (Does
transitioning make people feel things like love for friends? Or is that
complete horseshit? I’m really high right now.)

When they became good friends, Saavitte still helped with homework and
things. That was still how they spent a lot of their time, studying.
