---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Halfway across the galaxy, Q’nall was worried. He was flying in a snub
fighter on the edge of the Empire, trying to find that last enemy ship
that slipped from his sights just minutes ago. He had to get every last
one if the convoy was going to be safe. And they needed that convoy to
get through more than anything. Khell needed those supplies, at least,
the secret base they had on Khell had to get those supplies. The polar
regions were often not searched, since they counted as wilderness to the
Empire, and frozen wastes were often not a priority for the Imperial
troops. They were more focused on oppressing people. At least, that’s
what they said at the base. Q’nall was a young Fillandtite, with pink
skin and purple head ridges. (Harriet is black.) Q’nall, or just Nall to
his close associates, had been in the Rebellion ever since his homeworld
was conquered by the Empire, and his people submitted to their Armada.
Political dissidents were imprisoned immediately of course. That was the
story on every planet the Empire conquered. If you acted like the Empire
was the best thing since garmok bread, they treated you almost like
equals, but if you disagreed with anything, you were disappeared.
Holobloggers had certainly been disappeared from the holonet for sure.
That was not at all surprising. Q’nall wasn’t really surprised.

Q’nall rubbed his surgery scars on his forehead. He surgically
transitioned last winter, which was less than a standard year ago. They
were going to have to change the calendar, weren’t they? What would be
the use of using a calendar of the oppressor? Isn’t that the whole point
of rebellion, to change basic unfair things like calendars? Okay, maybe
that would go a bit too far, what was he thinking. Q’nall never had much
use for calendars anyway, it was a primarily human preoccupation with
time. Linear reckoning of time from when the Empire was founded. Maybe,
just maybe, the calendars will have a celebration day for the Rebellion
sometime in the future. But, he was going to have to find that fighter
first. Somewhere in this system, an Imperial pilot was getting reading
to apparate away and he had to stop them, otherwise this whole operation
was blown. He started to unfocus his eyes, and let the Force take over.
He was Force sensitive, that’s why he was able to guess really well
sometimes. At least, that’s what the base psychologist said. But, what
did Brillious really know? His specialty was in android psychology, and
last time he checked, he was a Fillandtite, not a robotic being. Sure,
he had a replacement hand, but practically everyone in the Rebellion had
replacement parts from losing limbs on missions. They didn’t have the
necessary potion ingredients for growing parts back, so they relied on
robotic parts instead. What the rebellion wouldn’t give for some eye of
space newt or whatever they needed. Q’nall was not much of a magic user,
almost completely inept, but he had enough training in basic combat
magic to be able to get a laser pistol to work if it jammed, but other
than that he was useless. Like, if he were in a duel, he’d have to rely
on like, mud-slinging or something that you see in the holovids. And
that’s assuming that the other person had never seen a holovid. Or
wasn’t moving. Luckily for Q’nall, most of his combat happened in the
cockpit of a fighter, and that was a place where you didn’t really need
magic. Just skills. I mean, having an android in the second seat was
helpful if that android was equipped with repair magic, but combat-wise,
Q’nall had it covered. He was relentless. Which is why that enemy
fighter wasn’t going to get away.

The stars began to drop away for Q’nall as he felt the presence of the
Force. Where was the other fighter? Where, where, where… there. There,
right in the Lagrange point. There was no way that the gravimetric
sensors would have detected it there. It was a clever spot to hide. And
if they were hidden for another minute, they would have gotten away. It
takes a lot of magic to apparate a person, let alone a whole ship, but
it’s still done all the time.

The enemy fighter was powered down, which means that their shields would
be minimal. Q’nall knew that if he could just approach where the ship
was without detection, it would be an easy kill. Too easy. Then, it hit
him: if he was able to disable the ship, but not destroy it, they could
take a prisoner. And a prisoner was much more valuable than a dead
person. Q’nall radioed the nearest friendly ship.

“To the nearest AFL ship, I need help disabling an enemy, does anyone
copy?”

The magic powers of the space radios sent the signal nearly
instantaneously to every nearby ship, of which there were about seven.
The nearest one to Q’nall replied, “Nall, this is Eenee, repeat that
last message?”

Q’nall opened a direct channel to Eenee. “There’s an enemy fighter
shutdown in that Lagrange point, which means that we could disable,
rather than destroy, that ship, and that means that we could take a
prisoner.”

“What do you need me to do Nall?”

“Just follow me and set your weapons to a lower setting, were going to
take a prisoner!”

Q’nall activated his fighter’s engines to maximum speed. The enemy ship
could apparate at any moment, and then this mission would be lost. But,
if this works out, the mission will have been a success plus a little
extra treat of having a live prisoner in the camp. This was going to be
a turning point in the whole war, he just knew it. This was going to be
written down in the history books for sure. Maybe he’ll even get to pick
out the star of the holovid they would definitely make about him and
this mission. But, he was getting ahead of himself. Time to focus.

“Nall,” Eenee radioed, “What about our signatures? Won’t that ship
detect us and apparate away before we get there? Even a small jump and
we’ll loose them.”

“I have an idea. Cut your power once you reach full speed, we’ll coast
in.”

They did so. The two ships flew in harmony, revving up their engines,
getting to full speed, and then cutting power. It was a daring maneuver
but it was going to work this time.

The ships flew silently through space. The sigils on the
heads-up-display were all bright red, or not even showing up at all.
That means that everything was working perfectly. The enemy ship had no
chance of catching them as long as they were drifting. As far as the
finding spells were concerned, they should appear as drift, interstellar
junk, flotsam. Instead, what they should have revealed was two Rebellion
ships bearing down on them.

Just as the enemy was starting to power up their ship to apparate out of
there, Q’nall and Eenee rapidly floated to the enemy ship’s position and
opened fire. The first few volleys were unsuccessful, they completely
missed the target because the enemy ship moved out of the way of the
blasts of magical energy.

“Damn, there goes our surprise, Nall,” Eenee shouted into her radio
transmitter, “Looks like we are going to have to destroy this ship. We
can’t jeopardize the mission, you know that.”

“We might be able to disable them still, just keep them from apparating
out of here. You keep taking the shots, I’ll cover you.” Q’nall began to
reactivate his ships systems to get ready for a dog fight. He flipped
toggles in the proper sequence. Normally this kind of thing is a
preflight check that you take slowly so your ship doesn’t get destroyed
in the vacuum of space by a systems failure. The fact that he was doing
this while also trying to take down a fighter would have gotten a
talking to from his commanding officer for sure.

His engines fully charged, he began attack pattern upsilon, a pretty
rare maneuver that involved flying in a chaotic pattern that is meant to
throw the enemy off balance, but requires a great deal of balance
itself.

“Careful Nall, your ship is getting too close, I might hit you,” Eenee’s
voice came over the comm system, the radio that operates at greater than
the speed of light, it operates at the speed of magic.

“Take the shot!” Q’nall shouted into his radio, “Don’t worry about me!”
Q’nall was still swaying his ship back and forth, getting closer and
closer to his target. The Imperial fighter wasn’t having much luck
evading his attack pattern, but Q’nall was determined to capture the
enemy and take them prisoner. He knew that the ship would have to divert
power to the apparation drive to be able to jump out of normal space,
and based on the intelligence reports they’ve stolen, these Imperial
ships have to be nearly at a standstill in order to activate the drive.
Because he was closing in on them, the enemy couldn’t apparate.

Unless.

The enemy ship started to glow. The light became more and more bright,
more and more powerful. The enemy ship was still dodging both the
magical blasts from Eenee and the buzzing annoyance of Q’nall, but the
apparation drive was clearly activating. Not in the way that it normally
operates, but it was clearly… overloading? Q’nall couldn’t believe it,
were they going to self-destruct? No, that didn’t make sense.

Unless, they were diverting all their weapon power into the drive. That
explains the glowing energy field, it looks exactly like when a weapon
system is about the explode. But in this case, if they were skilled
enough, they might be able to regulate the power flow and be able to
activate the spell circuitry when the apparation core was charged
enough. But it looks like the drive is overloading and could explode. If
that drive isn’t activated soon, the enemy pilot, Eenee, and Q’nall
would all die.

“I’m closing in, Nall, I can’t get a good shot,” Eenee shouted over the
comm system, “Keep on their tail, I’m the cavalry.”

“No!” Q’nall was desperate enough to pull the radio transmitter closer
to his face, “We’ll be destroyed–”

There was a flash of light, and all three ships disappeared from normal
space.
