---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

The jig is up, someone shouted. That wasn't good. Something was supposed
to happen when they activated the thing, but they didn't expect someone
to catch them. And they weren't expecting them to say that.

Tobial, is that you? Are you betraying your Empress? how could you, you
broke your oath!

You must understand, Gerrund, that I had to do this, I cannot stand by
and allow my family to live in an empire where I helped build a genocide
machine. I will not allow it

What do you mean, genocide? This is a terraforming station

It's not just a terraforming station, Gerrund, it is a death station.
The central tower's core is filled with fire summoning crystals that
burn a planet to ashes. Then the terraforming function is activated, and
that's when the station brings life to a planet; after it has already
been destroyed. I cannot abide by that, Gerrund, I cannot. I do this for
my own family, so that they are not a part of this.

your family are going to suffer because of you, Tobial! They will
go to prison for being your family, and they will be interrogated for a
long time. They were victims in this situation; your victims. I cannot
stand by and let this sabotage happen. I'm going to arrest you in the
name of the Empress.

We don't have time for this, Q'nall said, as he cast his spell. The
enemy officer Gerrund froze up like a plank, and fell over. Sorry about
that, Q'nall said, but we have got to get out of here. Did he activate
any alarms before I got him?

No, we are fine in that regard. That was a lapse in judgment, actually.
Standard procedure dictates that you shouldn't monologue before you
sound the alarm.

They started to run towards their meeting point with the rest of the
group. As it turns out, you have to activate the manual override for the
station mode in three places, and so they had to split up to get the job
done in time. They were meeting in the place that they apparated in, by
the cargo bay filled with plant life. The kind of plant life that you
need on a station with an arboretum. Most stations of this design have
at least one park within them, because many sentient species, but
especially humans, need green spaces in order to feel good about their
living spaces. In fact, one of the best jobs on a space station is
gardener or groundskeeper, since you get to visit many different places
of the ship, and you even get to make friends and visit their quarters
during your shift and take care of their plants. However, most people
take care of their own plants, but there are a few that insist on having
a gardener do it. That's not always all they do either; on space
stations, women don't have affairs with milkmen, they have affairs with
gardeners. Or so I'm told, it's not like I'd know anything about that
directly.

So, they all meet up in their place, but not before attracting attention
from the armada officers on patrol in the station.

