---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

The space station is huge, but also small. It’s enough to be a largish
town, or a smallish city, but nothing like London or New York City. It
has enough room for about 10k people, but the surface area isn’t all
spread out like it would be on a planet. It needs to be able to take up
as little space as possible. And with a thing this size, you can’t have
the entire thing be under a smaller on the inside spell, so you have to
conserve size wherever you can. For example, many of the classrooms can
really only hold about 20 students at a time, except for the Auditorium,
which could easily accommodate 2000 students. It was a full on theater
for the performing arts students, of which there were many. I think that
the idea that the school is only for force sensitives like the Jedi
academy is not going to work, I need something else. More like a secret
school for force sensitives could be like a black site, like in Firefly.
Yeah, that’s the ticket. Well, this could be that secret school, but
something something? Or rather, this and all schools are recruitment
grounds for sensitives? I’m not sure what exactly I want to do with
that, since I kinda want the school to be secretive, but also a standard
boarding school. Then again, Harry Potter’s Hogwarts was a special
school, and that was the charm, and we could tell a story about a
charming school that has something else going on.

I know! I figured it out! The students are monitored for force visions,
and if they have one, they get disappeared into a “special program” that
“helps” them. Yes, that makes sense. Harriet needs to escape the school
or she’ll be recruited into the secret program, and that’s why she
leaves. But she then becomes a rebel when Autok dies.

So, I think that’s a pretty good idea, we’ll see if it holds up in
revision or retelling.

Tobial Bee wasn’t an ordinary engineer. He had a knack for it. He loved
nothing more than solving tricky little problems.