---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

When we get home, we have a lot to talk about, Jem said to Harriet after
their adventure. Harriet, as mentioned somewhere else in the manuscript,
goes to live with Jem and family after the adventure is over, and thus
ends their careers in the Rebellion. Or so they think. Actually, that
doesn't make any sense, wouldn't there be consequences for joining the
Rebellion, and Harriet would have to face those consequences, right? But
I really like the idea of Harriet living with Jem and family. Maybe
that's how we can start the story, with Harriet living with them and
struggling with trying to figure out how to live her life after school.
I mean, she's set of becoming a footballer, but she's unsure that she'll
make that work, so she struggles with having a backup plan. Plus,
football is really competitive, so that's another thing. Actually, I'm
thinking too much about other people. Harriet is sure about everything
at the start of the story! Duh. So she starts out with certainty, has a
bunch of doubt in the middle, then ends up with a different kind of
certainly at the end. So that's how that's going to work, not ending
their adventures at home, rather ending their adventure with the
Rebellion. Yeah, that's the way to go. Plus, Harriet is going to be out
of school anyway, so there's no point in having her end up spending the
summer there, since there will be no school next year.

Anyway, what was I writing about? Oh right, the start of the story. I
think that the story will start with Jem and family spending time with
Harriet, and some opening dialog will establish their personalities.
Harriet's family definitely was killed by some kind of military
accident, but instead of it happening on Project Fireball, it happens
somewhere else, like during a battle or something. Harriet's parents and
her were aboard a ship when enemy fire disabled that ship and caused an
abandon ship order to happen.

