---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

Later, after detention ate right into her dinner, she finally managed a
few crumbs. Well okay they weren’t actually crumbs; but they might as
well be. She definitely had better meals than that. Actually, she was
starting to really appreciate some of the meals she had here. Which
scared her, because complaining about the food was a team sport at this
school. Even those who didn’t have her magical talents, or her strength,
could be equals when it came time to eat some of the horse slop they
served here. At least, she had called it horse slop in the past. When
she learned about food replication last semester, she had a different
viewpoint of the cooks in the school. The meals were bland and blander;
at least they were made to be that way, at least it was replicated by a
computer. She assumed that the replicator food would taste worse, I
mean, if it didn’t why would they be not using it all the way, all the
time, you know? What she meant to think was, food replicators must be
worse for children than hand-boiled soup every third day. Had to be,
otherwise why would they underpay the kitchen staff to work their hands
stiff making bread for the student body.

That was detention Harriet. Now we have to be dorm Harriet. Which is to
say, quieter and less about sports statistics. It seems like none of her
dorm mates had the brains for sports statistics. The only way that
Harriet was getting though mathematics was through sports statistics.
Physics was actually quite helpful in zero-g football, which is why she
was finishing with extra good marks. Harriet was a single-minded person:
if somehow a teacher could convince her that poetry of all things could
relate to football; then maybe should would take an interest.

Which is part of the reason that dorm Harriet always talked about
something else. Anything else. Seriously. Ven-tika would always be the
first to disrupt rookie assessments in the league, to talk about
something, oh, stupid like the Rebellion. Those scumbags don’t deserve
discussion, yet Ven would want to talk about them. If she thinks that I
have an obsession, she gives me a run for my credits.

Cyl Sapperstein was the first one to talk while they were making their
beds. “What did you think of alchemistry, Ven?”

Ven looked at the ceiling with all three eyes. The fact that one of them
was always looking just to the left of Harriet seems suspicious, at
least to Harriet. But, no one will start that row. Best to listen to
Cyl, she’s the best person to have bland conversations with, which is
why she was friends with everybody. In such divisive times, wouldn’t it
be nice to have someone as solid as Cyl? Plus, her blue skin and webbed
ears were really a really nice change from all the other humans that
lived in the school.

Exchange students were getting rarer and rarer these days. It must have
something to do with the Rebellion, Harriet told herself. Probably
something to do with them. Harriet was a lot of things, but she was not
a hater. But she really didn’t like the Rebellion. Some of her
classmates took it farther and, say that they would like to kill a rebel
just to show them who’s really boss of the galaxy, us, that’s who.
Harriet thought that went too far, she just wanted the Rebellion to stop
killing people. Why don’t they just go back to where they come from?

Harriet would have written that in her diary, if she kept one. In lieu
of that, she dug into the history book that she was supposed to have
studied in detention but she just kept thinking about the injustice of
the world. Obviously Professor Satti-Ding didn’t like her much, he has
made that quite clear.

If she didn’t have the rotten luck of sitting in the front, where she
was easily noticed, she might escape that class alive. Grades couldn’t
enter it, she just had to survive. Maybe her parents would understand if
she formed a, well frankly, bad opinion of history. Not only was
Professor Satti-Ding the history teacher, he happened to be her father’s
favorite teacher of all school. They were close. Close enough that
Professor Satti-Ding’s opinion rubbed off on her father’s opinion of
her.

Oh parents, how did she get along with them when she was younger?
Harriet didn’t have a bad childhood, but it wasn’t without it’s
difficulties. Her father’s opinion of her school work, for instance. He
was a scholarly person. He valued what books said. Well, she valued what
happened on the pitch. That’s where the real stuff happens. Things you
can’t write down, you have to feel them in your body. That’s real, not
things written down. Things written down are stupid. Stupid, stupid
words. If she were any better at them, she’d be grateful, but she firmly
believed that she could get through life without them. A lot of magic
was done without words, the kind that was more about movements. That was
what she was good at.

When magic was like dancing, Harriet Starr was better at it than anyone.
Or at least, that’s what she firmly believed. A great many of Harriet’s
beliefs were as solid as durasteel. She built her personality around her
opinions and beliefs, but didn’t everyone do the same thing? Otherwise,
how would people have a functioning society?

Things that were going on were starting to tell her that she was not
exactly in a paradise though. Like, why didn’t anyone invent a better
food replicator? Her mother would often tell her that was a silly
question to ask when there were other things to worry about. But, like,
Harriet was still a kid, you can’t expect a kid to have adult concerns.
Not for another year any way. She was a senior in school, not a senior
in a senior living center.