---
tags:
- harriet-starr
- scene
---

“I don’t know how to begin to explain this, but I must tell you some
important information about the Empire’s new superweapon that they will
use to end the Rebellion once and for all.” Tobial was whispering
quickly, as if he was going to die if someone else heard him.

“I don’t understand what you mean. Who are you?” Eenee whispered back,
“I’ve never seen you before at any of the camps. Who are you?”

“I’m the main engineer for Project Fireball, a superweapon that can
destroy planetside populations and wipe out fleets. It’s a genocide
machine that must be destroyed or all hope for our families’ survival
will die instead.”

“That’s a melodramatic thing to say,” Harriet said, “Sounds like a story
to me.”

“Hang on though, defectors have been known to show up. Aren’t we all
defectors here?” Q’nall insisted, “Besides, we’ve got to get out of here
anyway.” He turned to Tobial, “Can you get us off this station? We are
cut off from the portkeys in the main corridor, and we don’t have a ship
anywhere nearby. How did you get onto the station?”

“I smuggled aboard the food barge,” Tobial reported, “then I apparated
into the gymnasium equipment storage room and tracked you down from
there. Please,” Tobial was starting to look like a portrait of doom,
“You must deliver this pad to the Rebellion.”

He proffered the pad to Q’nall, who did not take it, but rather pushed
it back into Tobial’s chest. “You deliver it yourself. You are one of
us, and we won’t leave you behind. We’re getting out of here.”

“But how are we getting out of here?” Harriet whined. “I don’t
understand why no one thinks before they make proclamations about where
they are going or what they are doing. Is this the rebel way?”

“Sometimes, it has to be, when the odds are against you,” Q’nall said
looking directly into Harriet’s eyes. “And the odds are against us now.
Unless you have any bright ideas?”

Harriet took a moment to settle herself in her own mind. What she did on
the outside was to look at Q’nall haughtily and then turn her eyes up to
the ceiling. What could she possibly offer the Rebellion? She felt as if
this were her moment to contribute positively to the cause, but she had
no ideas. She remembered how simple life was when it was just school and
her life was all about football. If only there was someway to make
football work in her favor.

Maybe, there was a way. Just maybe, football was going to be the answer
after all. Heh, she wondered what Elise would have thought of this dumb
plan. Or Jem. She wish they were all there with her, to help her out,
that was probably not going to happen. She was a traitor, and she
couldn’t help to think that all her friends would see her as an enemy
now. But after what they did to Autok, there was no turning back.
Besides, she didn’t like all of her friends anyway.

“Okay, I think I might have a plan.”

“Do be serious, Hare,” Q’nall said in a sigh, “Sarcasm can’t save the
day.”

“Sure it can, in the right moment. Besides, this isn’t about sarcasm.
This is about footballs.”

“How?” Tobial said, “How could this possibly have anything to do with
football?” He turned to Q’nall, then Eenee, “Has she ever come up with a
plan before? Why is she in charge all of the sudden? I have information
vital to the Rebellion and to civilization itself, and we are talking
about football?”

“Not football. Footballs” Harriet enunciated the final buzz sound of
“footballs” quite a lot, for emphasis for small minds. “My plan is to
get to the equipment room and enchant all the footballs to start
bouncing around randomly and wreck havoc on the school. Well, not havoc
really, but a really big distraction. While the Armada troops are busy
with the distraction, we can leave.”

“Leave how?” Q’nall asked, but then was interrupted by Eenee.

“What spell would make footballs go on their own?”

“We use it all the time at practice,” Harriet said, “So you can do
drills and stuff alone if your partner is sick or something. If we cast
the spell a couple of times on the footballs, they will bounce around
like mad and break stuff. And they hurt when they hit you, I should
know, it’s happened to me more than once. I had a black eye one time,
seriously.”

“I don’t think that these footballs will be a completely absorbing
distraction, but it could help us clear a path to the portkeys. Once we
get on the planet surface, we can hide, and signal a ship to come get
us. Then, it’s back to headquarters to take a look at that Project
Fireball of yours.”

Tobial nodded. “Yes, that’s acceptable to me. This information must get
to the Rebellion as soon as possible. Everything depends on it.”

“Fine by me,” Eenee said, “just as long as we get to survive the
delivery.”

“As long as one of us survives, it’ll be worth it,” Tobial said.

“Then it’s settled?” Q’nall looked at everyone in the room.

“Yes,” Harriet said, “let’s do the thing, the plan, the plan thing.”

Everyone nodded together in agreement, then began to apparate away, to
the equipment room.

When Harriet got to the equipment room, Tobial was pointing at a corner,
“That’s where I came in. I planned it down to the finest detail. I
scryed for a week to find that spot. It’s just above a bulkhead below,
so there was less of a chance that someone would hear me apparate in
here.”

Harriet looked around the room. She hadn’t been in here for some time,
she did remember where the footballs were stored. She walked over to the
bin where they were kept, and opened it up.

“Here, we have about, oof, maybe 5 balls we can enchant.”

“Not good enough,” Eenee said, “When I was picturing how this was going
to go down, I was thinking like a battalion’s worth of footballs. Like,
hundreds.”

Harriet was puzzled for a moment, then said, “We could multiply them, do
you know a multiply spell? Does anyone know one?”

“I do,” Tobial said, “I copy tools in my department when my workers lose
or break theirs.”

“Okay,” Q’nall said, “but we can’t turn 5 balls into hundreds in here,
there’d be no room.”

“And, it’d take a long time to cast that spell on hundreds of balls. If
only there was a way to cast the spell once, and somehow make the
footballs multiply as we were moving through the school, we might be
able to make it.” She turned to Tobial, “That multiply spell, can you
make it triggered by something? Like, say, hitting a wall?”

Tobial, looked away from Harriet for a moment, and then said, “Yes, I
believe you can do it where the ball will multiply when it rapidly
decelerates and split the vector on the rebound.”

“What exactly does that mean?” Eenee said, protesting.

“What he means is,” Harriet began, “is that the balls will multiply when
they hit walls or people, and split the difference on the bounce back.
It’ll be utter chaos in the corridors. All I have to do is kick them at
the right angles, and we can waltz to the portkey. Well, we’ll have to
watch out for the balls too, but since we know what’s going on, and they
won’t, that means that we should be able to get to the portkey without
much resistance.”

“Okay, and what will happen when the balls run out of energy?” Eenee
insisted.

“They won’t in a hurry. The bouncing spell is designed to keep drills
going for hours if necessary, and they have an added bonus of seeking
out a player when they aren’t being actively kicked.”

“Brilliant,” Eenee said, “I’m convinced. This will make one hell of a
story, Nall.”

“I sure hope so,” Q’nall said. As long as we get out of this alive, I’ll
let you tell it too. Even take credit for some parts of this plan, and I
won’t talk about your complaining at all.” He smiled, then turned to
Harriet, “Are you ready to do this?”

Harriet looked deeply into Q’nalls eyes and somehow, knew everything was
going to be alright after all. She knew it wasn’t going to be the last
time she say those eyes. She nodded, then said, “Let’s get to work.”

The first thing that had to be done was to get the footballs out of the
bin, and place them on the floor so that the spells could be cast on
them. Tobial drew a magic circle would have made Professor Wickflit cry,
as he said, gets the job done. They put the footballs into the circle,
one at a time, and they cast their respective spells on them. Tobial
went first, casting his spell with precision and his sonic wand. Harriet
went second, going through the same motions as she always did when she
did this for practice. She never thought she’d be using the spell to
destroy school property. She started to have a wicked smile on her face
when she thought about all the damage she was going to do. She knew it
wasn’t going to be permanent damage, but there was a part of her that
was punk rock, and that punk rock part of her was starting to get into a
rebellious spirit. Maybe she could make it in the Rebellion after all?