---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

I am starting to get some kind of backache sitting in this chair again.
I really should get the better chair from the basement. In some ways,
I’m starting to think that it be better to bring that whole desk and
computer up here to this spot I’m writing at now and just have two desks
in the living room. That way, things would get utilized better. Then
again, I could just make the desktop computer a web server that I manage
via SSH.

I think that I would like to write something technical but really, I’m
fine with writing anything. I want to be a writer, a writer is what I
am. I just need to be able to really pour my feelings into my work, then
I will be healed, and I will enter a new phase of my life. I am going to
get through this, I will get through this, I have been through so much
in my painful life and now I’m really starting to appreciate the
happiness I can feel. The happiness of writing, the happiness of a safe
home, a safe home at last, at long last.

That was the most vulnerable that I’ve felt on a public page in a really
long time, and it was cleansing to me. I will get through this. I will.

Well, Harriet was never that vulnerable until she met Nall. They get to
get together, and they stay together, through all the get-togethers.
It’s a really good ending to a bad story, so far, a not great story.
I’ll make it better, with time, it will be pretty good. I will let
people read this, and I will let them critique it. I will be honest
about my shortcomings, and I will accept the opportunity to improve
myself through this process.

