---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

well, well, well, well, well well well well well well well well! The
ninjas all said before they attacked. They were fearsome to behold. The
Sith don’t mess around when it comes to intimidation. They had skull
helmets on, and really cool other details on their uniforms that I might
describe now since I’m try to come up with words to write for today’s
challenge (I’m trying to reach 40k today, I bet you noticed but you
never know) So I’m going to try to describe their uniforms. Have you
ever seen the Hellboy movies? Well in the first one, there that one Von
Trapp or whatever character that has that kickass uniform that I want to
steal as a Halloween costume every year, but I never do because I don’t
want to go as a Nazi character for Halloween, punch nazis seriously, but
anyway now my mother in law is calling us talking about houses so now I
can not listen to it, she is trying to move to an old people flat house
that won’t have any stairs, and lots of other details that you don’t
care about, really, you want to hear about how cool the Sith costumes
are and how intimidating they are, and how they could kill you with
magic faster than you can say Hufflepuff but now I’m just thinking about
her describing the house in detail, something about fishes theme? And
how her father would like it? I’m not sure, we’ll see it if she moves
there but otherwise I really want to think about something else but
words are words in nanowrimo and I just can’t see myself not typing out
everything cause otherwise I’ll never win and I AM IN IT TO WIN IT
BABYYYYYYYYYYY!

OK, she got off the phone, thank god.

Anyway, what was I talking about, oh right, the Sith. They were wearing
stuff that makes them look like Daft Punk but more murdery. They carried
two wands each, just in case they have a failure of a wand. But these
wands were really long and thick, and could be used as bludgeoning
weapons.

Oh great, it’s John Denver playing, and now I’m thinking about getting
Rocky Mountain High. I’m trying to focus here!

So, the Sith were deadly. The rumors were that you never escaped them
once they started to chase you and hunt you down, and that no one ever
survived their attacks. Of course, you may be wondering, if no one ever
survived, how did they have any rumors about them? If they were that
deadly, why would they have any reputation whatsoever? Does that makes
sense? Well, our heroes are going to survive an attack from the Sith and
try to dispel some of those rumors, so lets’ go.

