---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- project/harriet-starr
---

So, how do they get magical space rockets into space? Well, first we
have to talk about when they figured out how to mix magic and rocketry.
The problems in rocketry were numerous, and magic was used to fix each
and every problem, one at a time, and with a lot of testing. the
majority of empirical data that we have on magic can be traced back to
the efforts of space agencies and mages to understand the spells that
they used and how exactly they work. For example, one trick that they
experimented with was making the inside of the ships larger that the
outside of the ships. This principal was originally used to increase the
amount of fuel a ship could store while still remaining aerodynamic.
They found that with enough fuel, they could fly for long periods of
time without refueling. Then they figured out that the fuel itself was a
problem. They worked on additives, replacement fuels, but finally, they
realized that liquid hydrogen could be infused with an empowerment spell
that would increase its reactivity 20 fold. And that was the birth of
space fuel, the kind of fuel that we use today in our ships. little has
changed about the fuel that we use, and Harriet are you paying
attention?

No, professor, no, I wasn’t. I’m so sorry to have not been paying
attention.

Wow, the truth from you this time, I’m impressed. Please, pay attention
in the future? Right, now we have the fuel problem that was solved, but
then the gravity problem was the next thing on the checklist, and when
they discovered magical gravity flooring, they were able to build cruise
liners into space. It really was those three issues, but the final one
was the hardest and the most transformative. At least, that is my humble
opinion. Now, class, please reach into your folders for your partnered
assignment and let’s find out with whom you will be working

Then, after that, all the subsequent improvements and fixes were all
built on top of a gravity plate. The basis for space travel as we know
it. This is not a controversial opinion, you’ll find that I’m quite in
the scientific majority here. Gravity plates, children, gravity plates.

Now, go on to your next period. I’m tired of teaching now. He gave a
little smile.
