Harriet Starr was working on a potion. For Alchemistry IV, naturally.
There was no way that she was going to get top marks for this job. It
was green, but it was supposed to be more of a teal color. Why does she
need to know how to make potions anyway? This whole recipe was a
complete joke anyway. Brewing the leaves of the Trekalian tea bush with
ginger and bowels of frog is really supposed to be a way to cure the
common cold? Shouldn’t this be part of basic medical training, not part
of normal school? When would she need this? She wasn’t planning on
getting sick.

She looked at the instructions again. Oh! She turned up the temperature
on the burner another notch. The mixture became turquoise. She looked at
the ebook again. The florid writing was preserved from the original text
from over 400 years ago. Right around the time that Trekalia was first
discovered. Research mages be researching maging, she guessed. She
tapped on the ebook device with her sonic wand. The page turned into a
turquoise color when she did so, which looked exactly like her mixture
was now. Did she discover a new potion, or was this ebook rubbish. She
decided to take the ebook and shake it up a bit. The same color change
came to the picture of the potion on the page. Rubbish. But at least she
was going to get better marks on this mixture.

“Professor Wickflit, this ebook is rubbish, I mean, broken slightly. The
color’s all wrong.”

Professor Wickflit looked up from examining another student’s
microcauldron. “Ah, Miss Starr, let me take a look.” They came over to
Harriet’s desk. “Ah, I see you got the color right! Nice work, Miss
Starr.”

“The book told me the wrong color. I had to shake it to get it to
display right. The magic is off.”

“Well, we’ll put this in the bin for the Magitech department, and we’ll
see that it doesn’t get fixed,” the professor smiled their little smile.
“Meanwhile, did you turn it off and on again? I know that’s what the
tech folk are going to say.” The professor then proceeded to laugh their
little laugh. Not much of a laugh, more of a chortle. “Well, now, let’s
take a look at yours, Mister Baker.”

Using honorifics was an old affectation for Professor Wickflit. Normally
Wickflit was the Classics Professor, but they were filling in for
Professor Riish, who was the Alchemistry professor most of the time. At
the beginning of the class, Wickflit said that Riish was out due to
having a bad cold.

Wait a moment, Harriet thought to herself. Wasn’t today’s class all
about the cure for the cold? And Riish was an Alchemistry expert,
shouldn’t she be able to cure herself? What the hell was up with that?
Maybe she could ask the Professor about it after the bell chimed.

Meanwhile, the potion she was working on started to bubble. She turned
the heat off and started to prepare the potion for bottling, which was
the standard procedure for these kinds of experiments. There was a
secondary mark for how well your potion holds up on the shelf for a
standard month. She hoped that her doesn’t get moldy again. That was
embarrassing, and the mold started to have a personality and everything.
She was going to name it Albert. It was a sad day when she had to
destroy her son.

Before she knew it, the bell was chiming. It was incessantly cheerful,
she always thought. Oh good job, kids, you made it through drudgery, now
you can walk through these hallways you’ve sadly memorized to your next
assignment, your next class, your next test. Senioritis should have a
cure in a bottle, because Harriet Starr had a really bad case of
senioritis.

She approached Professor Wickflit. “Professor, excuse me please, but you
said that Professor Riish had a cold?”

“Why yes, she does. The most common of colds I’m afraid.”

“Well, wasn’t our assignment the cure for the cold? Couldn’t she, you
know, have brewed some up herself? I’m sorry to ask but I really like
her and I want her to be well.”

“Isn’t that nice?” Professor Wickflit patted her shoulder. “It turns out
that her people don’t have the same blood as we do, which means that the
cure isn’t going to work. Sorry to give you such bad news.”

“That’s alright, Professor, thanks for explaining it to me,” Harriet bit
her lip, “How long will she be out?”

“Oh, it’s no telling what happens when aliens get our diseases. She
might be out for a few days, or she may be out much, much longer.”

Harriet noticed a change in Wickflit’s face. They seemed, well,
preoccupied with some other thoughts.

“Are you going to keep teaching us Alchemistry, Professor?”

“I shouldn’t think so,” the Professor said, with a slightly glazed look
on his face, “I’m sure a substitute will be here shortly. They are
usually pretty good with the subs these days. Back in my day, we had to
wait a week for a good substitute to show up. We got into such trouble
then.” They smiled. “Now, run along now, Miss Starr, there’s a good
girl.”

Harriet readjusted her pack and started to walk out the door, turned to
ask the Professor another question, then thought better of it. She had
to go to her voice lessons, and Professor Xann didn’t like it when she
was late.
