---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

There was a time when she would have gave anything to play football
professionally, but now that wasn't going to happen, was it? Maybe the
thing to do is to just accept the fact that life doesn't always go where
you want it to.

In fact, what she wanted to do more than anything was to see her
favorite team, the Gravity Wellingtons, play in their home stadium at
V'stanqi IV. There was going to be some kind of championship game there
soon, but since she started working with the Rebellion, she didn't have
any idea of what was going on in the world of zero-g football. At least,
not at the level that she was accustomed to at school. When she was in
school, she programmed her phone to update her on the tiniest bit of
football news that the magic could find. That was the beauty of the
magical future: anyone can program their devices with magical spells,
and it mostly worked. Spreadsheets were mere child's play compared to what
she could do with a phone and a lot of magical reading about creating a
definition of football news. It was impressive. Her magitech professor
was impressed. In fact, she got extra credit when she shared her
secrets to the class in a special presentation. Maybe that was something
she could do in the Rebellion, Harriet thought. She could be some kind
of engineer. But that's not the same as football is it? Football is
life, and you could not take that away from her. There would be some
soul searching to do if she couldn't play football, but she was going to
take care of that later. Now, she needs to focus on the current mission,
which was to do what again? She never had a military mind, at least, not
when it came to mission briefings. She could never get all the details
down. She didn't see anyone else taking notes, so she didn't see a
reason for her to. If they could do it, she could. She just needed to be
better at remembering things. Maybe she could ask someone in private if
they could remember things like they seem to, or if they were faking
somehow. That would be a laugh. All the senior staff of the Rebellion
not knowing what they were doing, that was absurd.

Still, as her smart friend has always said, it never hurts to ask
questions. In class, and in life. Well, this was going to be some kind
of thing about that, isn't it? Harriet hated when her smart friend was
right. There was something about her that made her realize that she
really was her best friend, despite the fact that she knew next to
nothing about football. She wondered what she thought of Harriet now, as
a Rebellion fighter. Maybe there was a way to convince her to join the
cause? No, there was no way that her smartest friend would be that
stupid. No way.

Ven-tika, now, maybe she would be a Rebellion fighter. She was always
talking about the Rebellion news, and now much she was jealous of them.
Maybe she could be recruited? Hm, it might be worth the risk. School was
almost over, so there would be little time in trying to get her to
come over to the Rebellion before she started doing whatever it was that
she decided to do with her life.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, does smart friend get into the Rebellion? I think that the way that
it works is either she goes in with Harriet from the beginning, which is
a lot more like Star Wars and Harry Potter, or does she join for
different reasons in a later story? I think that I'd like her to join
the adventure as early as possible, and she can find someone to fall in
love with too. Maybe the ghost? Just kidding, no one ends up with a
ghost in this story. I mean, how would that work? There's no physical
contact, so it would all be in the realm of the mind, right? Do you read
smut to each other when one or both of the participants are ghosts? I
cannot figure that part out, and I won't have to, because I'm not
writing that sceneâ€¦unless I get really bored or something. But I
don't see that happening.

So, Harriet, Jem, and now smart friend are coming along for
the ride, is that enough people? Or is it following a rule of three or
something? I mean, I guess I should count Q'nall in that, and Tobial.
Now, who is Eenee? That was a character that I wrote about a lot in the
beginning of Q'nalls adventure, when he wasn't going to be part of the
school station paper. I think that would be the start of the second
book, if there is going to be a second book. I might decide to turn this
into a trilogy, since that my source material is split up into an epic
story line with multiple entries in it. It would be a shame to have just
one book, if I can have three. We'll see. I think that I could be some
sort of writer without a series, but I kinda like the idea of having
one, since this is space opera, it should be epic and sweeping. So, what
I should do is focus on writing the first book, but also figure out plot
points that could exist in the future. I think that each struggle should
some kind of thing that is epic too. Like, they damage the station,
don't destroy it, so they have to come up with another plan to stop
it? Or the station is destroyed, but they start building another
superweapon? No, I don't like that at all. That's too Star Wars. In
Harry Potter, they have a combination of the same villains and new
villains in each book. I think that I could do something like that,
where the Empress is the same, but she has different generals that all
have different ideas of how to conquer more worlds. The first one is the
space station, that's how they all get together. The second plot could
be related to B's idea of using sympathetic magic to commit genocide,
kind of like how Teatime tries to control children in The Hogfather. I
think that's the most epic one, so I'd leave that to the third book. I
think that the second book needs something equally creative, or it'll
end up being filler and I don't like that about middle books and movies.
The middle should also be good, and not filler. So, how do I make a
second book that isn't filler? Nothing with time travel, there is no
time traveling in this story, otherwise the whole thing becomes time
travel. I will not use time travel as a one off plot point, thank you
much.

