---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

So, the world was going to come to an end, at least as far as Tobial was
concerned. He was going to have all kinds of problems with this new
order of things. He didn't come here to start a new nation? One without
an Empress or anything even! A participatory democracy? What kind of
nonsense was that? There shouldn't be that kind of thing in the universe
anymore, participatory democracies can't work in the space age. There
was once a word that described what Tobial was, but he didn't know it.
It started with an F and ended with ascist. Tobial was in charge of his
family, or at least he used to be. He missed them so much. Now that
there was a war declared on the Rebellion, there was no way that he was
going to make it back alive, was he? The death station was destroyed,
wasn't it? That was the end of the deal. He wanted to go back to the
Empire, but he needed to do something that endeared the empire to love
him and accept him again. There was nothing to be gained here, and he
knew it in his heart, that he didn't belong with these space hippies. He
had to go home, but how? How was he going to go home?

He was going to have to betray his new friends, wasn't he? But then
again, he was done with them in terms of their usefulness to him, wasn't
he? They weren't really his friends, not if they knew that he was going
to have to betray them. That was it, he was going to have to betray his
new friends, in order to gain his old family back. And the family was
the most important thing to Tobial Bee, the family. He was going to sell
the Imperial government military secrets. That was how he was going to
win favor back in the Empire. He was going to trade secrets for
clemency. He wondered how far that his spy activities were going to have
to go in order for him to get back into the Empire. It wasn't going to
be easy, that's for sure. He was going to have to use every bit of his
cunning to get those secrets out before he gets caught.

This is how the second book would go: The war is declared, and Tobial
starts to betray the Rebellion to the Empire, and that's how the Empire
starts to win the war. By the end of the story, the Empire will be held
back and nearly defeated after Tobial's betrayal is exposed. He doesn't
make it home, and he is killed in an offensive that he helped plot
against the Rebellion. His family get his letters, and they are exposed
to the public to garner support for the war effort. It backfires though,
because the letters expose the project fireball plan and thus makes the
Empress look bad. That is the climate in which the third book begins,
with the Empire on the run, and trying desperately to find a weakness in
the Rebellion. But they can't so they turn to genocide. The plan is that
if they kill the right aliens

