There was nothing greater than a food replicator that actually worked.
The way that it worked is that you put in a credit chip, and then it
would listen to your food order and magic it into existence. You then
would open the little hatch to see exactly what you wanted, well, based
on what you said anyway. There was a way to enter your own food spells,
but Harriet never bothered. The regular food that came out of the little
dumbwaiters were quite good, although never as good as home cooking. She
would think about her father’s home cooking often. He was nearly a
professional chef in her book, and she never ate a meal that wasn’t
cooked from scratch at home. Ah, home. Was there anyway that she was
going to see her home again? Or was it going to be living in the mud
with these other rebels for the rest of her life. Hm. Maybe she should
start an association, or even a league, for the Rebellion? She could do
something to the dumb rules that the Leagues had put into place, and add
in some new ones that would make the game more fun. That was something
to think about while eating this spaghetti, she thought to herself. Yes,
space spaghetti with space meatballs (actually, they weren’t space meat,
it was normal everyday Arturian beef). With black noodles. Her favorite.

As she grabbed the plate out of the replicator, she saw Eenee eating by
herself in the mess hall. Harriet decided to go talk to her. After all,
she was going to have to make new friends, right?

“Hey,” Harriet said as she approached the table, “this seat taken?”

“Not at all, pull up a chair,” Eenee said, gesturing to the empty spot
right across from her. As Harriet laid her tray down on the table, she
looked at the black spaghetti and said, “I’ve never seen a meal like
that before, what is it?”

“Black Spaghetti, with white sauce and Arturian meatballs,” Harriet
said, “It reminds me of home. My father used to make this for me all the
time, completely from scratch. It became my favorite meal to get from
the replimat at the school cafeteria. They don’t do Arturian meatballs
there, they say that it’s too expensive to get fresh. So I’ve made due
with replicated stuff.”

“Interesting. I’d say that they can’t get Arturian beef is because it’s
quite pricey. How did your family afford it?”

“A lot of my family’s income went into getting quality ingredients for
my father. He is practically a professional chef, but he never managed
to get something out of his kitchen and onto other people’s plates for
money. My grandmother called him a failure behind his back, but he never
failed me. He was always there for me.” Harriet started to tear up at
the thought of never seeing him again. That thought would not leave her
mind. There wasn’t any soft voice of the Force helping her feel better
this time either. Sheesh, why was there this tension about her family
all of the sudden.

She looked across the room to Tobial, who was also eating alone, but he
was fixating on his plate, and not inviting anyone to join him.

“Don’t bother,” Eenee said to her. “I tried to socialize with him
earlier but he’s not interested. I think that he is having trouble
adjusting to the new lifestyle he’s chosen for himself.”

“I think that he’s just missing someone. You know how he was going on
and on about families in all his little speeches. I bet you that he has
some young kids that he’s not going to see grow up.”

“You might be right. I had a hard time leaving my sister behind, but she
wouldn’t listen to me,” Eenee said, somewhat bitterly. “Gyshy, I said,
you have to listen to me! But she was all like, No Eenee, you have to
listen to me, you can’t become a traitor, that’s like the worse thing in
the universe, or something. Anyway. She wasn’t going to tell me what to
do anymore than I was going to tell her what to do, right?”

“When was the last time you talked to Gyshy?” Harriet inquired politely.

“About two years, now, I reckon,” Eenee said. “Our last conversation was
an argument. Like most of the last things we said to each other. We
didn’t get along, my sister and I.”

“Were you ever close?”

“Well, of course we were close, we are twins.”

“Twins?”

“Yeah, twins. Everyone in my species is a twin. The only children on my
world only happen if one of the dies before being born. Everyone else is
a twin. It was a year in the Rebellion before I realized that most
species don’t have that kind of thing set up in their worlds, and that
twins are really rare. For us Duvorq, it’s completely normal.”

“Wow, that’s really interesting. You know,” Harriet said, “they require
you to take Alien Cultures at school, but I’ll say that we never had
anything this in depth about anyone before.”

“That’s because most of the alien cultures that you study are ones that
aren’t alive anymore. It’s really xenoarchaeology, because the
curriculum hasn’t been updated since those worlds were originally
conquered like, 200 years ago.”

“I’m not that keen on history,” Harriet admitted, “I can’t ever get the
dates right, and that’s pretty much what history is all about, right?”

“I don’t think so, and neither does Nall,” Eenee said in a matter of
fact way. “We all believe that history is important. We have studied
various historical records to gain experience of how to successfully run
a rebellion.”

“And what have you found out?”

“That most rebellions are crushed, not much longer after they begin.”

Harriet stopped eating, and Eenee recovered quickly, “But we have
resources that they didn’t have, and a lot of rebellions happened before
magic was common knowledge, so that’s different too. So, in some ways,
we are completely on our own.”

They both looked at each other, and when they started to eat again, with
a few more smiles.
