---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

So, there was something going on with Tobial that no one could figure
out. Why was he defecting exactly? He didn’t seem that forth coming to
anyone else in the gang, he just seemed determined to take information
to the Rebellion, and that’s it. He was a defector that didn’t really
like the side that he was going to, but he had to. What they don’t know
is that he definitely has attitudes about the Rebellion that are
unfavorable: they are just homeless, family-less people without jobs to
do. The Rebellion is painted as the cause of the desperate and the lazy,
not the righteous and true. But Tobial was going to have to let go of
some of those preconceptions if he is to survive his defection. It’s not
like he can just go back to his old life, he was joining a new one. His
family might not understand right now, but some day they will. And that
was all that mattered.

He had written a coded message to each of his family members, to be read
upon his death They each explained that he was sorry that he had to
leave them and get killed, but he loved every one of them to the end of
the universe, and that this action that he was taking was for their
benefit, and not only for the benefit of the empire or the Rebellion. it
was going to be a long road to recovery for them. Especially for someone
who had proven loyal to the empire again and again, was it all a lie,
the whole time? There was going to be a reckoning, but he didn’t care,
he knew that he was right, dammit. He was right, and history was going
to be on his side. He was going to be a hero of the empire in a thousand
years. He even dreamed of being printed on some money some day Just
picture it, his flat, uninteresting face on the 10 credit bill! hey,
that should be something to see when it happens, considering that they
only put the Empress onto the money these days. Maybe he could get like
a stamp of something, do they still do stamps in the future? Of course,
you must pay for postage, and in the future, the stamp has enough magic
stored in it to perform some financial calculations to make sure that
there were enough stamps on any package, which saves on postal scales.

Well, I’m almost at a 10k words for this text file, which means that my
daily total is almost 10k words, which would be amazing to do, I’m going
to be impressed with myself if I get to that point, that would really be
something wouldn’t it?

Well, lets’ keep going. So, there is postage in the future, what about
owls? I don’t think that anyone uses owls to send messages, they use the
holonet to send messages. You just put your letter in the slot and it
gets magicked into the other persons slot.
