---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

Tobial was nervous. He was looking at the core of Project Fireball. The
actual core. Not a model, not a line drawing, the actual thing. He would
destroy it right now if he thought of a way of doing it without killing
himself or being sent to prison. And, if he did that, he would be
getting his family into trouble as well. No, there was no way for it: he
was going to have to somehow get the Rebellion in here to do the job. I
mean, they don’t have families, right? That was the point, they don’t
have families and that’s why they can stand to do what they do? Groups
of loners? He didn’t really believe all of the news coming out of the
state media outlet, but he figured that there was some basis for the
lies. They have to be loners – otherwise, how could they justify the
risk?

The core of Project Fireball was a giant crystal array. Keebler
crystals, he thinks that’s the name, Keebler crystals powered the
weapon. The way it works is that each crystal is engraved with a simple
fire producing spell. The same kind of element-producing spell that
first-year mages would learn, if he remembered correctly. But, because
the crystal is exceptionally pure and well cut, it would multiply the
effect twelvefold. But that’s only one of the crystals. This array had
thousands upon thousands of crystals, each one engraved with the same
spell. Once power is routed to the crystals, they start to cast those
spells, But, the energy doesn’t stay in the same place, the energy is
shunted out of the chamber by… that secondary crystal array. The
focusing array. That takes the spell energy from the, the combustion
array, and focuses it out of that chamber and into the fork, or crown,
or barrel, whatever you wanted to call it. Actually, really the best way
of describing this is like a giant version of a laser wand. The
combustion array is like the core of a wand, except it’s huge,
crystalline, and can only do one thing: summon fire. Then, the focusing
array is like a focusing crystal in a laser wand: it takes the spell
energy and turns it into a beam. If you cast a basic fire spell into a
laser wand, what you get is a bolt of fire and light that travels
forward, away from the wand in an approximately straight line. In the
death station’s case, that line would be away from the combustion
chamber, through the focusing array, and directly out into space. In a
straight line. Which means that if the station was positioned over a
planet, that beam would go directly to the planet. But, the fire energy
wouldn’t have anything to feed off in space, so it would snuff itself
out, correct? He took out the pad with the schematics on it again, and
zoomed in on the fork. What was he missing? Oh, yes, the delay crystal.
What does that do. Oh, it casts a metaspell on the firespell, keeping it
in pre-realization form. So, normally when you have a delay spell, the
energy doesn’t become well, real, until the delay spell wears off or is
triggered to turn off by something. But what is it?

He looked more closely at the runes inscribed onto the delay crystal. He
had to zoom in quite a lot to get to that level. At this scale, each
rune was about as big as his head, which was quite small compared to the
main combustion crystals, where each rune was about the size of a small
snub fighter. This symbol means air, and that one means earth or ground,
and that one means dry… what a moment. This is it, this is how it works.
The fire spell isn’t meant to actualize in space. It’s meant to
actualize on the planet’s surface. It’s not meant to blow a hole in the
ground, or completely destroy the planet.

What it does is it sets fire to it. The whole planet, in wildfires.
Oceans wouldn’t be effected of course, but this weapon is meant to take
out anyone or anything living on the surface. All vegetation, on fire.
Any wooden or flammable buildings, on fire. All food and food
containers, on fire or melted. Wildlife? Cooked. Destruction. That’s
what this weapon is capable of. Complete destruction.

Not destruction. Why would anyone set a planet on fire? Sure, that’s a
good way of killing everyone, but then you don’t have a planet left. But
wait, you do have a planet left. It’s just a little burnt, from a
terraforming perspective. And the Empire is really good at terraforming
worlds. They got plenty of practice even before our species journeyed
out into space, and began exploring and then conquering the galaxy.

So, that was it. This weapon selectively destroys the planet’s biosphere
and infrastructure, and makes it so that you can start terraforming from
scratch. In fact, where are the terraforming spells? He looked at a
different part of the schematic: the ring section of the ship. Yes, it
had quarters, and several clusters of– that’s it, terraforming circuits.
The station would use the same spell delivery system as the combustion
chamber, but the feeds from the terraforming circuits ran parallel to
them, So, all you’d have to do is turn off the fire crystals, block
their output lines, and have the focusing crystals channel the
terraforming spells instead of the death spell. That energy would go
through the same delay circuits, and a beam of healing light would hit
the devastated planet and start to grow life again. Imperial life. Human
life.

This weapon was a genocide machine.

Tobial now understood why this station was the way it was. And now he
had to figure out how to destroy it. In one stroke, the Rebellion needed
to destroy this station. There were no chances after the first, the
weapon could work on a spaceship just as well, especially if you turn
off the delay circuit and re-positioned the station so that the beam was
pointing at your target. Actually, no that was wrong, surely there was a
different pathway. Oh yes, there where additional targeting crystals
throughout the outer ring of the ship. They can use the same heart, but
many different outputs.

This station was a fleet killer, too.

It needed to be destroyed forever. Even the schematics had to be
destroyed. No one should be able to build this kind of weapon ever
again. He was sure about that. The Rebellion needed this information.
For his family’s sake, for all of the families in the galaxy. And even
those without families. He needed to save them all.

Now, the easy part: getting to the Rebellion. I mean, that had to be
easy, right? That was the easy part in all of the holovids about the
rebels, or any other rebellion. You just had to show up in a dive bar,
look for some suspicious people, and then say, “Death to tyrants!” and
you got recruited. Maybe it wasn’t going to be that easy, and what if he
gets caught? There’s no way that he was going to get caught, that would
be the end of the mission, his life, and his family. There was no way
that he could get caught. But what if he did? Time for a little
planning. And I have to plan out the attack plan on the station, don’t
I? Well, actually, if he got the information to the Rebellion in time,
they could come up with an attack plan. That’s what those kids are good
at. And they must be naturals, because Tobial didn’t think that
terrorism was something you got taught in school.

Tobial decided that he had enough looking at the combustion crystal
chamber. He was starting to think that he needed to lie low for a few
days, to end any current suspicions of him, and to work on contacting
the Rebellion. That was something he would probably have to do
planetside. He had some vacation coming up. It would be good to be even
more nervous than usual, and have the ship’s counselor suggest that he
take a little vacation to the planet. Downwell will do you good, they’d
probably say. Yes, he could use a vacation from this death station. And
security on a planet is so much more lax than security on a space
station. Especially this station. This station requires a level five
clearance, and most people never get past three. He was considered to be
one of the most loyal citizens in the whole Empire. That’s why what he
was about to do was unthinkable, and the punishment is
life-imprisonment. Although, he might be disappeared by the wrong branch
of command for this kind of treason. The more secretive you live, the
more secretive you die. That’s a good motto, that. I wonder if anyone
has any mugs with that printed on it, so they can have secretive coffee
breaks.

Tobial took the long way back to his room. That way he could pop in on
the ship’s counselor on the way. One thing about the ships counselor
here: he was not the usual sort of counselor. Normally, psychologists
speak in a quiet, gentle tone, made to assure you that everything was
going to be alright. Tobial quite liked normal psychologists; there was
one in the family, as he recalled. Always wore elbow pads on this
sweaters, if memory serves. No, this person they were calling ship’s
counselor was more like ship’s loyalty consultant. Since this was a
level five secret, the main thing they wanted was healthy minds with
healthy loyalty. Nothing he did brought on fanaticism, but Tobial
suspected that he didn’t discourage it either. He was there to make sure
that no one was going to do what Tobial was definitely going to do:
betray the Emperor.

In this case, the Emperor had betrayed the people by building this
weapon. If this were used in the quashing of the Rebellion, that would
be humans wiped from the face of the galaxy. No one should have that
kind of power. Not even the darkest of dark wizards had that kind of
power. If preventing those kinds of deaths that not even deatheaters
could do, then by all means, Tobial is a traitor. The worst kind of
person, at least from the Empire’s eyes. He supposed that he was going
to have to start calling himself a rebel now. A rebel, him! But, no, he
was loyal to the Empire, not a single Emperor. Rulers come and go but
the Empire is the greatest civilization in the galaxy, and he was loyal
to that, not to the current ruler. She will be stopped, but a better
ruler will take her place.
