---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

There were no ninjas anywhere in the place, at least according to
initial scans, but then again, you never know. They were sneaky, future
ninjas. For one thing, they were actually wizards most of the time, so
they weren’t ordinary ninjas. They were magininjas. Second thing about
them, is that they used magitechnology whenever possible, so they were
like, I don’t know, cyberpunk? But they were ninjas in a magical space
future, so they weren’t 80’s cyberpunk, they were Harry Potter
cyberpunk, which is a completely new genre that I just made up. Anyway,
so these magical cyberpunk space ninjas were the most feared assassins
in the Empire. They were especially hard to hire; pretty much the only
person that could afford them these days were nobles and the Empress
herself, so they were practically royal magical cyberpunk space ninjas.
They were called the Sith. They descended from the deatheathers of the
past, since Voldemort died and everything. They had to survive somehow,
and this is how they evolved. They became ninjas, since just being dark
wizards wasn’t enough for these kind of people. They were above all
else, killers. And they knew how to do stealth spells, so they could
sneak up on you in nearly plain sight, But they typically didn’t, they
decided that they were going to kill people in the shadows so that there
were less witnesses that way. Well, naturally they killed witnesses.
They were famous for it, among all the other things they were famous
for, like being 5 different kinds of historical pop icons at the same
time. That wasn’t really that confusing to them, its just confusing to
explain for the first time when you are reduced to describing things in
terms of memes. These were memekillers, because one other thing they
were good at was social media. So they were royalist social media gurus
that were cyberpunk space ninjas. Did I get everything right yet? Can I
grow the Sith into an even more ridiculous pastiche of pop culture? I
don’t think so, I think that’s enough for one day. Maybe I’ll revisit
them later, maybe not?

Anyway, so Tobial scanned for weird ninjas and didn’t find any evidence
of them, but he wasn’t going to be careless about this. At least, not
more careless than he had been. He had made so many mistakes on this
journey here, but he has learned a lot. Like looking out for ninjas with
scanners. And expecting things like scanners to fail in spectacular ways
that will make you regret using them. He then started to look around
with eyes, leaning into each nook and granny in the supply closet. once
he was satisfied with his search, he started scrying the station school
for the Rebellion. He had information vital to the Rebellion that he
needed to rely to them to save the galaxy

