---
date: '2020-11-24T21:18'
tags:
- scene/01
---

Chapter 1
=========

She first heard about it in history class, it being the end of the
Silence. It happened in about the middle of the twenty-first century: it
seems that they were facing some “climate crisis.” It had gotten so bad,
that the mages of the world could not stand idly by while their world
was destroyed by over-industrialization. The end of the Silence was when
magic users came out into the open and spoke. It was when mages and
mundanes began to mingle, as it were. That was from a poem of the time,
she believed. That’s why it had that rhyme-y sound. She didn’t like
things that rhymed. She preferred imagist poetry, when she had an
opinion. She didn’t always like poetry. rarely, but when she does like
it, it is about waterfalls, giant trees, or whatever other planetary
wildlife that they went on about. It was the closest that she got to be
planetside for 10 years. She was a senior in this school though; pretty
soon, maybe she’ll go planetside and never leave. If she wanted to. What
she’ll probably do is play more football. That’s what she was good at.
Not history, not poetry: football. Zero-fucking-G football. Running
around the pitch, all three-dimensional energy fields of it. She
couldn’t explain how much better it was. At least, can’t explain in
words. She could definitely show you. If you were paying attention.

Oh, right, history. This was history class with Professor Satti-Ding.
Yes, that Professor Satti-Ding. She shouldn’t get caught not paying
attention again, she had no idea of what kind of trouble she was going
to get into. So, pay attention. Okay, so the magic users in that era
fixed the climate temporarily, so that the mundanes could fix their
industries and stop the climate problem. After a period of about a
hundred years, they found out about the combination of technology and
magic and then their civilization ascended to the status it is now,
which is an interstellar empire that commands thousands of worlds, and
it was all thanks to those magic-users that lived before. Sounded like a
completely typical thing that Professor Satti-Ding would say. It was
always about the magi of ages past. We weren’t any good, but they were.
Professor Satti-Ding looked right at her.

“Miss Starr, could you please tell us something about the lesson?
Something relevant this time please.”

“Well,” she said, “The Mages of Ages past gave us the foundation of our
society, right?”

“Yes, Miss Star, they did. We covered that about five minutes ago. Could
we have something from, um, just now? Perhaps?”

She paused. Time-blindness, curse my time-blindness. I swear it’s going
to be the death of me.

“Um, that is, they established so many different things, thanks to the
merger of magic and technology. Magitechnology, that’s right?”

Professor Satti-Ding nodded.

“And,” she was fumbling over her words now, speaking too quickly to
really enunciate all of her vowels, like Professor Xann is constantly
telling her. She’s got to die some day, right? No one that old should be
allowed to take a hovercar anywhere, “So, they helped invent zero-g
football!”

Professor Satti-Ding raised an eyebrow, “Excuse me, Harriet Starr?” It
seems that he forgot to sip his tea for about a half-minute longer than
usual. “Please, continue.”

“Well, stands to reason,” she said, “Without their research, how would
we have worked out force fields? And without forcefields, you can’t have
a pitch, can you? We walk on the forcefields when we are on the sides of
the pitch, and without that part of the pitch, then what would be the
point?”

Professor Satti-Ding narrowed his eyes, but, and this was surprising,
said “Go on?”

“Okay, sure, um,” she said, looking up for the first time, as if the
answer was written on the ceiling. The world stopped. “Without those
discoveries, I never would have found my purpose in life. Thank you,
Professor. An inspiration to us all.”

Professor Satti-Ding smiled. Actually, beamed. “Well done, Harriet. I’m
glad to see that my lesson is inspiring you. Is that why, perhaps, you
were daydreaming?”

Damn. Nothing ever gets passed that man.

Later, after detention ate right into her dinner, she finally managed a
few crumbs. Well okay they weren’t actually crumbs; but they might as
well be. She definitely had better meals than that. Actually, she was
starting to really appreciate some of the meals she had here. Which
scared her, because complaining about the food was a team sport at this
school. Even those who didn’t have her magical talents, or her strength,
could be equals when it came time to eat some of the horse slop they
served here. At least, she had called it horse slop in the past. When
she learned about food replication last semester, she had a different
viewpoint of the cooks in the school. The meals were bland and blander;
at least they were made to be that way, at least it was replicated by a
computer. She assumed that the replicator food would taste worse, I
mean, if it didn’t why would they be not using it all the way, all the
time, you know? What she meant to think was, food replicators must be
worse for children than hand-boiled soup every third day. Had to be,
otherwise why would they underpay the kitchen staff to work their hands
stiff making bread for the student body.

That was detention Harriet. Now we have to be dorm Harriet. Which is to
say, quieter and less about sports statistics. It seems like none of her
dorm mates had the brains for sports statistics. The only way that
Harriet was getting though mathematics was through sports statistics.
Physics was actually quite helpful in zero-g football, which is why she
was finishing with extra good marks. Harriet was a single-minded person:
if somehow a teacher could convince her that poetry of all things could
relate to football; then maybe should would take an interest.

Which is part of the reason that dorm Harriet always talked about
something else. Anything else. Seriously. Ven-tika would always be the
first to disrupt rookie assessments in the league, to talk about
something, oh, stupid like the Rebellion. Those scumbags don’t deserve
discussion, yet Ven would want to talk about them. If she thinks that I
have an obsession, she gives me a run for my credits.

Cyl Sapperstein was the first one to talk while they were making their
beds. “What did you think of alchemistry, Ven?”

Ven looked at the ceiling with all three eyes. The fact that one of them
was always looking just to the left of Harriet seems suspicious, at
least to Harriet. But, no one will start that row. Best to listen to
Cyl, she’s the best person to have bland conversations with, which is
why she was friends with everybody. In such divisive times, wouldn’t it
be nice to have someone as solid as Cyl? Plus, her blue skin and webbed
ears were really a really nice change from all the other humans that
lived in the school.

Exchange students were getting rarer and rarer these days. It must have
something to do with the Rebellion, Harriet told herself. Probably
something to do with them. Harriet was a lot of things, but she was not
a hater. But she really didn’t like the Rebellion. Some of her
classmates took it farther and, say that they would like to kill a rebel
just to show them who’s really boss of the galaxy, us, that’s who.
Harriet thought that went too far, she just wanted the Rebellion to stop
killing people. Why don’t they just go back to where they come from?

Harriet would have written that in her diary, if she kept one. In lieu
of that, she dug into the history book that she was supposed to have
studied in detention but she just kept thinking about the injustice of
the world. Obviously Professor Satti-Ding didn’t like her much, he has
made that quite clear.

If she didn’t have the rotten luck of sitting in the front, where she
was easily noticed, she might escape that class alive. Grades couldn’t
enter it, she just had to survive. Maybe her parents would understand if
she formed a, well frankly, bad opinion of history. Not only was
Professor Satti-Ding the history teacher, he happened to be her father’s
favorite teacher of all school. They were close. Close enough that
Professor Satti-Ding’s opinion rubbed off on her father’s opinion of
her.

Oh parents, how did she get along with them when she was younger?
Harriet didn’t have a bad childhood, but it wasn’t without it’s
difficulties. Her father’s opinion of her school work, for instance. He
was a scholarly person. He valued what books said. Well, she valued what
happened on the pitch. That’s where the real stuff happens. Things you
can’t write down, you have to feel them in your body. That’s real, not
things written down. Things written down are stupid. Stupid, stupid
words. If she were any better at them, she’d be grateful, but she firmly
believed that she could get through life without them. A lot of magic
was done without words, the kind that was more about movements. That was
what she was good at.

When magic was like dancing, Harriet Starr was better at it than anyone.
Or at least, that’s what she firmly believed. A great many of Harriet’s
beliefs were as solid as durasteel. She built her personality around her
opinions and beliefs, but didn’t everyone do the same thing? Otherwise,
how would people have a functioning society?

Things that were going on were starting to tell her that she was not
exactly in a paradise though. Like, why didn’t anyone invent a better
food replicator? Her mother would often tell her that was a silly
question to ask when there were other things to worry about. But, like,
Harriet was still a kid, you can’t expect a kid to have adult concerns.
Not for another year any way. She was a senior in school, not a senior
in a senior living center.

That afternoon was football practice and Harriet took practice
seriously. She took everything football seriously. As far as she was
concerned, zero-g football was the greatest cultural institution that
humanity had ever invented. It was a sport that not only defied gravity,
it also defied anyone to tell it that it was not the queen of sport. And
at this school at least, Harriet Starr was the queen of football, it’s
most fervent supporter, and best player.

Because Harriet is really bad with words, let’s take a moment and try to
explain what zero-g football is to the common Imperial citizen who has
been living under a rock and not have seem any games on the holovid. The
reason why it is called zero-g football is because the game’s magical
field changes the essence of gravity for the players. The pitch is
inscribed inside a sphere, and that sphere is only made of up two
patches of actual grass, one parallel to the ground, and one directly
above it, facing upside down from the perspective of normal gravity. The
other walls of this squashed spheroid that made up the pitch was pure
force field, a blue shimmering surface that has no volume in the normal
sense. The forcefield was as thin as a shadow, but it felt solid enough.
It wasn’t the grass, but it was solid, like a laminate floor or
something along those lines. The size of the sphere made sure that the
curving nature of the walls wouldn’t be too difficult to walk, although
it made some plays particularly dangerous for those with weak ankles.
The goals of the pitch were in the middle of the grassy patches, the
“grounds” of the pitch, marked with concentric glowing magic circles.
The magic circles weren’t there to protect anything, rather they were
there to keep score. If the ball passed through the middle circle
without being blocked by the goalkeeper, then the opposite team scored a
goal, much to the cheers of the crowd, and the boos from the other part
of the crowd of course. That’s one of the reasons why Harriet liked
football: you knew who your enemies were.

If you landed the ball inside the inner circle, like, actually touched
turf with ball, then you get two points, and even more cheers from the
crowd. Those were rare moments, ones to be cherished and replayed on the
holovids over and over again, that player who scored two points
surrounded by their friends and teammates in a rare, glorious moment.
The fact that Harriet scored three of those kinds of goals just tells
you how good she was at football. She might not be the best student, but
she is the best player in the whole school, and she worked hard to get
really good at it. It helped that she was really good at making tough
calculations in her head, things like vector fields and stuff. She was
able to bring both her mind and her body to the game, and everyone loved
her for it. She wasn’t exactly the most popular girl, but everyone knew
who she was and what she stood for. Football was life.

Harriet had been playing for almost her whole childhood, after she was
out of diapers, and in pants. She played extremely little league
football before she was shipped off to school. In fact, she was planning
on going at least semiprofessional at one of the Imperial universities.
She never wanted to be behind a desk, pushing paperwork around. She
wanted to be on the field, adored by her fans. She didn’t want to fly in
the Armada, either, although her friends kept telling her that flying
snub fighters wasn’t that much different than football, and she did have
the personality of a hotshot pilot, according to them, anyway. Harriet
didn’t care. She loved what she did, and what she did was football. She
had her whole life figured out. It was going to be football and nothing
else. Nothing had ever been so clear as what the future held for her.
Snub fighters. They were probably stupid to fly. Plus, there was a
chance these days that you might actually have to fight someone. The
Rebellion. How she didn’t like the Rebellion. Ven-tika would probably
have some huge opinion about how the Rebellion was a more serious threat
than anyone anticipated, and how they have spies everywhere. She
suspected that Professor Satti-Ding was a rebel spy, sent to slowly
corrupt students with his mind-numbing historical context. Rebels like
history, she said. Rebels like to cite historical precedent for their
horrible actions. Ven would go on and on about their horrible actions.
It’s like she was addicted to the news network, sometimes even bringing
up news items on her tablet and showing everyone the horrid pictures of
dead ships in space, thanks to the tireless efforts of, ugh,
revolutionaries.

One time, Ven-tika even went on to say that the rebels were likely all
lazy lower-class people who couldn’t get a job, or wouldn’t get a job.
There were plenty of jobs in the Empire these days. There were no amount
of factories that they couldn’t work in. Plus, even if they didn’t work,
the Empire guaranteed every citizen a modest stipend. Big enough to live
off, but not big enough to discourage work, as Ven said at that moment.
Plus, she said, most of the rebels are aliens anyway, why should we be
wasting valuable resources on them?

Harriet liked aliens. She followed one in the sports world, Autok of
Khell. Autok had scored two on-ground goals in a single match. They were
amazing. Plus, Autok was a great name to cheer in the holovid room when
you were catching up on highlights by yourself early Primeday mornings.
Waking up people sometimes. Dorm Harriet needed to quiet down at times,
and that would have been one of them. Still, Autok is amazing. At 203
centimeters, Autok was a head taller than most of their teammates, and
their vestigial tail was a bit of an advantage in certain moments, but
that’s okay. Every time that Autok’s tail would cause some kind of weird
situation in the game, they would create a new rule to accommodate that
tail. Most of the time, they were fouls, but hey, you couldn’t help that
the game was originally played only by humans a hundred years ago, and
only now are there any professional players that were alien and stayed
in the game for as long as Autok has. They say that Autok has been
staying in the game for as long as possible. Khellites don’t stay as
active as humans do in their life cycle, but Autok has beat the odds
countless times, and this won’t be their last season. Not now, not when
they have the biggest contract in the entire Eastern League division.
There have been a few bitter human players that criticize the Leagues
for letting the Leagues play an alien for as long as they have for as
much money as they have, but the reps for the Lions keep pointing out
that Autok has followed every new rule and regulation that the League
has made, and still excelled at the sport. Autok will likely retire with
the Golden Laurels, which is the lifetime achievement award for Zero-G
Football Leagues, and will go home to Khell with a ship full of
trophies. What Harriet hoped for most of all was that they would stay in
the world of football, maybe becoming the first alien commentator on the
holovid screen. Now that would be even better, because that would mean
that Autok would stay in the world, still bringing their winning
personality to the game, making comments about the human players that
they would have went up against if only they were younger and stronger.
One thing Harriet would do to make sure that she stayed strong for as
long as possible into middle age. Even past middle age, if she thought
about it. There’s no way that she was letting herself become weak. That
just wouldn’t be her.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

While Harriet was practicing her wall-dribble, Jem walked up to her.
Well, sauntered, really. Jem was really good at sauntering.

“Hey Hare, what are you still doing here? You don’t need any more
practice, right? I mean, you are so good at this game already, you can
go dorm early, right?”

“Listen, Jem, I want to go at least semi-professional someday, and
semi-professionals don’t stop practicing because their little league
teammates tell them to.” She smiled, “You wanna do drills, Jem? I’m not
saying that you need the practice either. I mean, what kind of goalie
does drills with us mortals?”

Jem lightly punched Harriet on the shoulder. She was a pretty good
sport, both at football and at bad attempts at teasing. Jem was the
closest thing that Harriet had to a best friend. Their interests were
aligned, after all: they were footballers both. And their politics were
pretty close too: Jem is almost as big a fan of Autok as Harriet was.
She wasn’t there for the Primeday holovid squee incident, but she would
have been if she hadn’t slept in. Only Harriet would get up early for
holovids; the rest of her dorm were typical teenagers, sleeping in and
staying up late as much as possible. Well, Harriet didn’t go to bed
early, no way, but she did deprive herself of sleep for a replay on the
holovid, even if it were Primeday.

So, Jem was Harriet’s best friend, but her worst enemy was Troublefield.
Damn, damn Troublefield. I mean, it was in his damn name, Troublefield.
You’d think that a family that had as bad as a last name as that would
go through the effort of teaching their damn kids to behave themselves.
Or, maybe change their last name. It couldn’t be that hard to change
your last name to something else. Changing first names was easy; she’d
done it when she transitioned two years ago. They didn’t offer the
surgery to minors, so she was still waiting on that, but the name change
was so easy. People can change their identities in their sleep if they
wanted to. Harriet didn’t know history that well, but she did know about
the struggle that trans folks like her had to accept in the past. Like,
they couldn’t just use the Imperial bureaucracy to change their
identity. They probably had to re-carve the stone tablets that had their
birth record on it, or something. It had been ages ago, like, forever
ago, and Harriet wasn’t really interested in history, as mentioned. She
only liked history when it was happening in the present. She felt like
Professor Satti-Ding probably hated her, which is why he harped on the
unimportant past, like trans rights and so on. Sure, those people
suffered then, but what was it to her now? She didn’t suffer at all due
to her identity, so all their work turned out to be worth it, right?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Halfway across the galaxy, Q’nall was worried. He was flying in a snub
fighter on the edge of the Empire, trying to find that last enemy ship
that slipped from his sights just minutes ago. He had to get every last
one if the convoy was going to be safe. And they needed that convoy to
get through more than anything. Khell needed those supplies, at least,
the secret base they had on Khell had to get those supplies. The polar
regions were often not searched, since they counted as wilderness to the
Empire, and frozen wastes were often not a priority for the Imperial
troops. They were more focused on oppressing people. At least, that’s
what they said at the base. Q’nall was a young Fillandtite, with pink
skin and purple head ridges. (Harriet is black.) Q’nall, or just Nall to
his close associates, had been in the Rebellion ever since his homeworld
was conquered by the Empire, and his people submitted to their Armada.
Political dissidents were imprisoned immediately of course. That was the
story on every planet the Empire conquered. If you acted like the Empire
was the best thing since garmok bread, they treated you almost like
equals, but if you disagreed with anything, you were disappeared.
Holobloggers had certainly been disappeared from the holonet for sure.
That was not at all surprising. Q’nall wasn’t really surprised.

Q’nall rubbed his surgery scars on his forehead. He surgically
transitioned last winter, which was less than a standard year ago. They
were going to have to change the calendar, weren’t they? What would be
the use of using a calendar of the oppressor? Isn’t that the whole point
of rebellion, to change basic unfair things like calendars? Okay, maybe
that would go a bit too far, what was he thinking. Q’nall never had much
use for calendars anyway, it was a primarily human preoccupation with
time. Linear reckoning of time from when the Empire was founded. Maybe,
just maybe, the calendars will have a celebration day for the Rebellion
sometime in the future. But, he was going to have to find that fighter
first. Somewhere in this system, an Imperial pilot was getting reading
to apparate away and he had to stop them, otherwise this whole operation
was blown. He started to unfocus his eyes, and let the Force take over.
He was Force sensitive, that’s why he was able to guess really well
sometimes. At least, that’s what the base psychologist said. But, what
did Brillious really know? His specialty was in android psychology, and
last time he checked, he was a Fillandtite, not a robotic being. Sure,
he had a replacement hand, but practically everyone in the Rebellion had
replacement parts from losing limbs on missions. They didn’t have the
necessary potion ingredients for growing parts back, so they relied on
robotic parts instead. What the rebellion wouldn’t give for some eye of
space newt or whatever they needed. Q’nall was not much of a magic user,
almost completely inept, but he had enough training in basic combat
magic to be able to get a laser pistol to work if it jammed, but other
than that he was useless. Like, if he were in a duel, he’d have to rely
on like, mud-slinging or something that you see in the holovids. And
that’s assuming that the other person had never seen a holovid. Or
wasn’t moving. Luckily for Q’nall, most of his combat happened in the
cockpit of a fighter, and that was a place where you didn’t really need
magic. Just skills. I mean, having an android in the second seat was
helpful if that android was equipped with repair magic, but combat-wise,
Q’nall had it covered. He was relentless. Which is why that enemy
fighter wasn’t going to get away.

The stars began to drop away for Q’nall as he felt the presence of the
Force. Where was the other fighter? Where, where, where… there. There,
right in the Lagrange point. There was no way that the gravimetric
sensors would have detected it there. It was a clever spot to hide. And
if they were hidden for another minute, they would have gotten away. It
takes a lot of magic to apparate a person, let alone a whole ship, but
it’s still done all the time.

The enemy fighter was powered down, which means that their shields would
be minimal. Q’nall knew that if he could just approach where the ship
was without detection, it would be an easy kill. Too easy. Then, it hit
him: if he was able to disable the ship, but not destroy it, they could
take a prisoner. And a prisoner was much more valuable than a dead
person. Q’nall radioed the nearest friendly ship.

“To the nearest AFL ship, I need help disabling an enemy, does anyone
copy?”

The magic powers of the space radios sent the signal nearly
instantaneously to every nearby ship, of which there were about seven.
The nearest one to Q’nall replied, “Nall, this is Eenee, repeat that
last message?”

Q’nall opened a direct channel to Eenee. “There’s an enemy fighter
shutdown in that Lagrange point, which means that we could disable,
rather than destroy, that ship, and that means that we could take a
prisoner.”

“What do you need me to do Nall?”

“Just follow me and set your weapons to a lower setting, were going to
take a prisoner!”

Q’nall activated his fighter’s engines to maximum speed. The enemy ship
could apparate at any moment, and then this mission would be lost. But,
if this works out, the mission will have been a success plus a little
extra treat of having a live prisoner in the camp. This was going to be
a turning point in the whole war, he just knew it. This was going to be
written down in the history books for sure. Maybe he’ll even get to pick
out the star of the holovid they would definitely make about him and
this mission. But, he was getting ahead of himself. Time to focus.

“Nall,” Eenee radioed, “What about our signatures? Won’t that ship
detect us and apparate away before we get there? Even a small jump and
we’ll loose them.”

“I have an idea. Cut your power once you reach full speed, we’ll coast
in.”

They did so. The two ships flew in harmony, revving up their engines,
getting to full speed, and then cutting power. It was a daring maneuver
but it was going to work this time.

The ships flew silently through space. The sigils on the
heads-up-display were all bright red, or not even showing up at all.
That means that everything was working perfectly. The enemy ship had no
chance of catching them as long as they were drifting. As far as the
finding spells were concerned, they should appear as drift, interstellar
junk, flotsam. Instead, what they should have revealed was two Rebellion
ships bearing down on them.

Just as the enemy
