Harriet had so many different classes, that she couldn’t always figure
out what her schedule was. Actually, that’s not true, I have no idea
what her schedule is but in universe, she would know. So I need to
figure out a rough idea of what her schedule is. I think that she is
going to have 7 classes in a day, that’s about an hour per class with
meals in between. Or, she is on some kind of robotic schedule with a
robot teacher? No, if this is Harry Potter, there needs to be
traditional classrooms and teachers, otherwise it doesn’t make any sense
in that way. But then again, this hasn’t been much of a Harry Potter fan
fic, has it?

I think that there are artificial agents that help with schoolwork but
that it is mostly about human or alien teachers teaching students in
classrooms. Like, android tutoring is available to the students and
teachers alike, but the human connection is what is important for the
school. Some schools only have android teachers, and those are pretty
low resource schools for sure. High end schools have multiple teachers
for each subject. I think that the school needs to be a premium place,
because Hogwarts is a premium place to be.

Speaking of the school, each dorm unit has four students, but there is
the divisions into segments that should be the Houses… or not? I
actually really hate the whole houses thing, so I think that I’ll just
drop it from the story all together.

I could do some research on actual boarding schools and see what they
have to say about the subject. Maybe boarding schools really do have a
history of houses and stuff, and I’m just wrong about the whole thing? I
could make it less like UMSL’s housing and more like a different
arrangement, where larger groups of students

