---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

That war against the station was brutal. Turns out that Project Fireball
is a killing machine designed by sadists. Dark wizards manned the battle
stations, as they had been trained in ship combat by the Armada forces.
Once they figured out how to do it, they were able to shape the beams
from the weapon ports into seeker spells, and that increased accuracy
which caused a lot more death, Which is fine, there are these space
wizards called void wizards, they are kinda like necromancers and
deatheathers combined, where they go around space battle fields and
gather bodies to use in horrible magical experiments to try to extend
human life beyond it’s natural end. There are whole armies of the Sith
that are just reanimated corpses. The wizards got the idea from George
Romero so they are legit zombies, none of this off the lower shelf
bullshit that passes for zombies these days.

Anyway, so there were dark wizards going around scooping up dead bodies
from wars that they cause and this is all a bit too much for me right
now, let’s write about something else.

The way that Harriet and Jem are friends but not in a relationship is
supposed to be like how Harry and Herminonie is, but since they aren’t
actually attracted to each other, this will actually work as a
friendship. No love triangles here, but maybe later, if I write more
romance into the story, which is something that I want to do eventually.
Hm. I think that Harriet is rather clueless about love, which is why it
takes a handsome alien to be patient with her enough to realize that
they are in fact in love like everyone will want them to be by the time
that I’m finished with them. I really hope that I can write romance
scenes even though I never tried it before, but then again I haven’t
ever tried to write scenes out of order, and I’m going about it pretty
well I think. The main problem is that I don’t always revisit scenes
when I should and I forget about them. Which means that I’ll have to add
it during revisions, and that would make the novel last a bit longer on
the workbench before it is ready. But that’s okay, I’ve done the writing
part before, I’ve done editing short stories before, how bad could it
be?

So, what ends up happening is that Harriet lives with Jem’s family, and
they become like sibling-friends, which is an interesting relationship
that could play out in sequels. Oh god, am I planning sequels now?
Jesus, I have to finish this manuscript first, and edit it, before I can
get to any conclusions about sequels. Jesus again.
