That afternoon was football practice and Harriet took practice
seriously. She took everything football seriously. As far as she was
concerned, zero-g football was the greatest cultural institution that
humanity had ever invented. It was a sport that not only defied gravity,
it also defied anyone to tell it that it was not the queen of sport. And
at this school at least, Harriet Starr was the queen of football, it’s
most fervent supporter, and best player.

Because Harriet is really bad with words, let’s take a moment and try to
explain what zero-g football is to the common Imperial citizen who has
been living under a rock and not have seem any games on the holovid. The
reason why it is called zero-g football is because the game’s magical
field changes the essence of gravity for the players. The pitch is
inscribed inside a sphere, and that sphere is only made of up two
patches of actual grass, one parallel to the ground, and one directly
above it, facing upside down from the perspective of normal gravity. The
other walls of this squashed spheroid that made up the pitch was pure
force field, a blue shimmering surface that has no volume in the normal
sense. The forcefield was as thin as a shadow, but it felt solid enough.
It wasn’t the grass, but it was solid, like a laminate floor or
something along those lines. The size of the sphere made sure that the
curving nature of the walls wouldn’t be too difficult to walk, although
it made some plays particularly dangerous for those with weak ankles.
The goals of the pitch were in the middle of the grassy patches, the
“grounds” of the pitch, marked with concentric glowing magic circles.
The magic circles weren’t there to protect anything, rather they were
there to keep score. If the ball passed through the middle circle
without being blocked by the goalkeeper, then the opposite team scored a
goal, much to the cheers of the crowd, and the boos from the other part
of the crowd of course. That’s one of the reasons why Harriet liked
football: you knew who your enemies were.

If you landed the ball inside the inner circle, like, actually touched
turf with ball, then you get two points, and even more cheers from the
crowd. Those were rare moments, ones to be cherished and replayed on the
holovids over and over again, that player who scored two points
surrounded by their friends and teammates in a rare, glorious moment.
The fact that Harriet scored three of those kinds of goals just tells
you how good she was at football. She might not be the best student, but
she is the best player in the whole school, and she worked hard to get
really good at it. It helped that she was really good at making tough
calculations in her head, things like vector fields and stuff. She was
able to bring both her mind and her body to the game, and everyone loved
her for it. She wasn’t exactly the most popular girl, but everyone knew
who she was and what she stood for. Football was life.

Harriet had been playing for almost her whole childhood, after she was
out of diapers, and in pants. She played extremely little league
football before she was shipped off to school. In fact, she was planning
on going at least semiprofessional at one of the Imperial universities.
She never wanted to be behind a desk, pushing paperwork around. She
wanted to be on the field, adored by her fans. She didn’t want to fly in
the Armada, either, although her friends kept telling her that flying
snub fighters wasn’t that much different than football, and she did have
the personality of a hotshot pilot, according to them, anyway. Harriet
didn’t care. She loved what she did, and what she did was football. She
had her whole life figured out. It was going to be football and nothing
else. Nothing had ever been so clear as what the future held for her.
Snub fighters. They were probably stupid to fly. Plus, there was a
chance these days that you might actually have to fight someone. The
Rebellion. How she didn’t like the Rebellion. Ven-tika would probably
have some huge opinion about how the Rebellion was a more serious threat
than anyone anticipated, and how they have spies everywhere. She
suspected that Professor Satti-Ding was a rebel spy, sent to slowly
corrupt students with his mind-numbing historical context. Rebels like
history, she said. Rebels like to cite historical precedent for their
horrible actions. Ven would go on and on about their horrible actions.
It’s like she was addicted to the news network, sometimes even bringing
up news items on her tablet and showing everyone the horrid pictures of
dead ships in space, thanks to the tireless efforts of, ugh,
revolutionaries.

One time, Ven-tika even went on to say that the rebels were likely all
lazy lower-class people who couldn’t get a job, or wouldn’t get a job.
There were plenty of jobs in the Empire these days. There were no amount
of factories that they couldn’t work in. Plus, even if they didn’t work,
the Empire guaranteed every citizen a modest stipend. Big enough to live
off, but not big enough to discourage work, as Ven said at that moment.
Plus, she said, most of the rebels are aliens anyway, why should we be
wasting valuable resources on them?

Harriet liked aliens. She followed one in the sports world, Autok of
Khell. Autok had scored two on-ground goals in a single match. They were
amazing. Plus, Autok was a great name to cheer in the holovid room when
you were catching up on highlights by yourself early Primeday mornings.
Waking up people sometimes. Dorm Harriet needed to quiet down at times,
and that would have been one of them. Still, Autok is amazing. At 203
centimeters, Autok was a head taller than most of their teammates, and
their vestigial tail was a bit of an advantage in certain moments, but
that’s okay. Every time that Autok’s tail would cause some kind of weird
situation in the game, they would create a new rule to accommodate that
tail. Most of the time, they were fouls, but hey, you couldn’t help that
the game was originally played only by humans a hundred years ago, and
only now are there any professional players that were alien and stayed
in the game for as long as Autok has. They say that Autok has been
staying in the game for as long as possible. Khellites don’t stay as
active as humans do in their life cycle, but Autok has beat the odds
countless times, and this won’t be their last season. Not now, not when
they have the biggest contract in the entire Eastern League division.
There have been a few bitter human players that criticize the Leagues
for letting the Leagues play an alien for as long as they have for as
much money as they have, but the reps for the Lions keep pointing out
that Autok has followed every new rule and regulation that the League
has made, and still excelled at the sport. Autok will likely retire with
the Golden Laurels, which is the lifetime achievement award for Zero-G
Football Leagues, and will go home to Khell with a ship full of
trophies. What Harriet hoped for most of all was that they would stay in
the world of football, maybe becoming the first alien commentator on the
holovid screen. Now that would be even better, because that would mean
that Autok would stay in the world, still bringing their winning
personality to the game, making comments about the human players that
they would have went up against if only they were younger and stronger.
One thing Harriet would do to make sure that she stayed strong for as
long as possible into middle age. Even past middle age, if she thought
about it. There’s no way that she was letting herself become weak. That
just wouldn’t be her.

While Harriet was practicing her wall-dribble, Jem walked up to her.
Well, sauntered, really. Jem was really good at sauntering.

“Hey Hare, what are you still doing here? You don’t need any more
practice, right? I mean, you are so good at this game already, you can
go dorm early, right?”

“Listen, Jem, I want to go at least semi-professional someday, and
semi-professionals don’t stop practicing because their little league
teammates tell them to.” She smiled, “You wanna do drills, Jem? I’m not
saying that you need the practice either. I mean, what kind of goalie
does drills with us mortals?”

Jem lightly punched Harriet on the shoulder. She was a pretty good
sport, both at football and at bad attempts at teasing. Jem was the
closest thing that Harriet had to a best friend. Their interests were
aligned, after all: they were footballers both. And their politics were
pretty close too: Jem is almost as big a fan of Autok as Harriet was.
She wasn’t there for the Primeday holovid squee incident, but she would
have been if she hadn’t slept in. Only Harriet would get up early for
holovids; the rest of her dorm were typical teenagers, sleeping in and
staying up late as much as possible. Well, Harriet didn’t go to bed
early, no way, but she did deprive herself of sleep for a replay on the
holovid, even if it were Primeday.

So, Jem was Harriet’s best friend, but her worst enemy was Troublefield.
Damn, damn Troublefield. I mean, it was in his damn name, Troublefield.
You’d think that a family that had as bad as a last name as that would
go through the effort of teaching their damn kids to behave themselves.
Or, maybe change their last name. It couldn’t be that hard to change
your last name to something else. Changing first names was easy; she’d
done it when she transitioned two years ago. They didn’t offer the
surgery to minors, so she was still waiting on that, but the name change
was so easy. People can change their identities in their sleep if they
wanted to. Harriet didn’t know history that well, but she did know about
the struggle that trans folks like her had to accept in the past. Like,
they couldn’t just use the Imperial bureaucracy to change their
identity. They probably had to re-carve the stone tablets that had their
birth record on it, or something. It had been ages ago, like, forever
ago, and Harriet wasn’t really interested in history, as mentioned. She
only liked history when it was happening in the present. She felt like
Professor Satti-Ding probably hated her, which is why he harped on the
unimportant past, like trans rights and so on. Sure, those people
suffered then, but what was it to her now? She didn’t suffer at all due
to her identity, so all their work turned out to be worth it, right?
