---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

Tobial was worried, always worried, but this was about at the limit of
what he was capable of feeling. This was worse than that time his
younger child stepped on a sharp tack that was left in the ground
somehow. He didn’t even own any tacks, what was this the 20th century?
Don’t ask questions, I’ll tell you no lies. Now, what was happening to
Tobial was a feeling of dread before going on what could be considered a
suicide mission. He was going to break into a secure scholastic space
station and deliver a message to the Rebellion, and somehow walk away
from it without getting caught? What was he thinking, surely he was
going mad. Is this was losing your mind felt like, feeling compelled to
save the galaxy? When really you were a nobody. Then again, he wasn’t a
nobody anymore, he was the main engineer of the project, and he was able
to get enough information to piece together the horrible superweapon
that he was helping to create. He didn’t have any way of contacting the
Rebellion, up until now that is. The secret news of the hostage
situation at the school meant that he was going to get in there without
a lot of questions, since the press wasn’t allowed there. All he would
have to do is to apparate in there, find the rebel, give them the pad,
and be out, just like that. Maybe he would learn a way to contact the
Rebellion in the future? Like, a secret radio handshake or something?
No, don’t think about all that spy versus spy stuff, you need to focus
on the task at hand, which is getting that information to the Rebellion.
That’s all that mattered at this point.

He looked at his layout of the school again. What should be the entrance
of the school was clearly not the place to start, so he began to trace
different walkways through the school, starting at the entrance and
working away. He was trying to figure out where he would keep the
hostages. It had to be far enough away from the entrance to make evading
the Armada officers easier, but not so cornered that you had to where to
run when you needed to evade them. Like a maze puzzle that he used to do
when he was small, Tobial traced path after path through the school. He
was about to give up when it occurred to him: the gymnasium was far
enough away from everything that it made sense to hide out there. But
the main court was too open… aha, the equipment room. That’s where he’d
look first. And with a good enough scry spell, he’d be able to see what
was in there before he apparated in. Now, because the school is also a
space station, that means that you can’t just apparate in there, it was
too far away from the planet to make it normally. You’d need some kind
of booster spell, probably some kind of building with some kind of
gateway in it or something, that was a pretty common solution to the
problem of traveling to and fro space stations. But that would likely
get you into the entrance, so that wasn’t going to work. He was going to
have to make sure that no one sees him coming or going into the school.

Then, it hit him, like a moment of clarity that he had heard so much
about in stories. The food barge, of course. It would take too long to
bring in food through the people gateway, so that means that there had
to be a food barge or, the equivalent of a dummy elevator, right? There
had to be, and he was going to smuggle himself in that transport. That
would probably take him right to the kitchens, which were also a pretty
good place to start this mission. So, that’s what was going to happen.
He was going to board a food delivery ship to get onto the station,
apparate into the gymnasium supply closet, and then march to the place
where they were holding the hostages. This was going to work. This was
going to work after all.
