---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

Anyway, so I was talking about the beginning and the end of the story,
 where does Q'nall enter into it? I know that he is with the
Rebellion pretty much the whole time that he's in the main story, but
what about his family, about his past? I'm going to have to spend some
time thinking about that, but since I'm so close to winning I'm not
really sure if I want to pants it or to plan it, after writing more
about other things and coming back to the manuscript to see what I've
said about Q'nall already. That I've just forgotten, you know? 50k words
is a lot of words, and I've forgotten some things that I've already
written about. Maybe this is why people try to plan this out? To reduce
the number of mistakes that you make? Reduce the inconsistencies? It's
entirely possible. Then again, I really like the panting approaching
because I'm able to not plan and see what happens and be surprised by
the results. That's something that I really enjoy, seeing a random
process produce something interesting to see or read. I think that's why
I'm really interested in generative art. And I think next time that I'm
going to try to do generative art, I'm going to look at a lot of
examples first before I try to make something, so that I can have a
starting point, kind of like this novel. I had two starting points that
I was drawing inspiration from, and this is the best year I've ever had
with writing. I think in my life, really. I feel really confident in my
work even though I don't have outside validation yet, and that is huge
for me. I really value other people's opinion, not my own typically. I
am going to try to carry this momentum to other parts of my life, and
live to be a better person to myself.

enough about me, aren't you hear to read about something else.
Namely someone else? Harriet Starr is the star of the show, and I want
to make everyone like her the way that I end up liking her, with her
transition from bratty know it all to a rebellion member. That's pretty
much Luke and Harry's journey, isn't it?

