---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

So, we thought that we were alone here? What do you want, Captain?

We need to start to train for our attack runs on Project Fireball. You
can get to know each other better on your own time, for now I need you,
Nall, to get to your ship, and for you, Harriet, to get to the safe
zone. I know that you are one of us, so I trust you, as a person, but
not as a pilot or an engineer. I really need you in the safe zone, now.
DO you know where it is?

Yes, I know the way, said Harriet. This might have been the last that
she was going to see of Nall, and she was worried that he was going to
die. But duty calls, there was no way that she was going to convince him
to not go. This was his life, this was his football. Fighting for the
Rebellion was the best thing that he knew how to do, and it was really
important that he risk his life so that others may live. The Empress’s
expansionist policies must be opposed by the strongest form of protest
you can have, which is a revolt.

This was going to be it. This is when I never see him again, Harriet
thought. But then, she looked into his eyes across the room, and she
knew, just knew, that she was going to see those eyes again. She was
going to see those eyes for a long time after today. For the rest of
their lives, if she had anything to do with it.

They wouldn’t be able to have children. It was an old story that humans
and aliens were able to breed, that wasn’t going to happen in the real
world. She remembered that much from biology. They talked about
inter-species mating and how it was nearly impossible for it to happen
since there weren’t any matching… parts. There was no way that it was
going to work. And also, the professor did add at the end, if you did
that, it would be unnatural. There was an implication that it was a
forbidden thing. That if you somehow tried, you would be shunned from
society. This was the crystallization of things that she heard all of
her life: aliens were not people. that was something that never sat well
with her, and she was going to figure out why it did. That was what she
said to herself then. Now, she understood why. Because she was destined
to fall in love with an alien. Not just any alien. To Nall.

