---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

There wasn’t much time, after the station’s mode was changed from
fireball to terraforming. The energy in the combustion chamber was still
building up. You could tell, with that kind of magical power build up.
Any magic user in a million miles could feel that kind of build up. But
no matter, you couldn’t worry about the horrible fate that befell anyone
who was going to be on this station when the chamber reached full
energy. That wasn’t also a good thought to have at a time like this;
they were going to destroy an entire planet for political causes. You
had to fight that kind of thing, prevent it from happening. Maybe the
thing to do was to warn people of the danger when it was too late to do
anything. That would be fair, wouldn’t it? Harriet wasn’t sure anymore
of what the exact right thing to do was; then again, she could find some
small comfort in knowing that the people in the station where there
because they chose to be there. And killing political opponents was
wrong, more wrong than destroying an entire station, correct?

Don’t get into ethical conundrums, she told herself, they are tricky
things to deal with. Football was never like this; the rules were clear
cut and everyone followed them, except when they didn’t, but when they
didn’t, there were clearly defined consequences for them to follow.
everyone knew the rules. In life, there was no way that you could know
all the rules, there were just too many of them. Or maybe, and this was
also a scary thought, there were no rules, just guidelines. That was
really scary to her, and she really wanted to never have these kinds of
thoughts again. They were just too much.

I’m feeling really sleepy. This is a problem of writing in bed. This is
also a problem of not getting enough sleep. I really hope that this will
mend itself, because I don’t have the energy to do this kind of thing
for long periods of time.
