---
date: 2020-11-24T21:31
tags:
- scene/09
---

Chapter 9
=========

Now, in Harry Potter and in Star Wars, there are such things as ghosts.
In Star Wars, there aren't as many ghosts, but in Harry Potter, they are
all over the place. However, I believe that the ghosts in Star Wars
actually have more plot points than they do in Harry Potter, so maybe I
should include some ghosts in my story. But where would they be?

I think maybe the Rebellion could have a few ghosts. They are desperate
about those kinds of things, they accept anybody as a rebel, even if
they don't have a body. The Rebellion ghosts would be there for
knowledge exchange and strategy, not really for anything else since they
cannot interact with normal matter. In Star Wars, ghosts interact with
the environment even less, so it's not like you could have ghost spies
or anything like that. One difference between ghosts in Harry Potter and
in Star Wars is that in Harry Potter, they can only seem to inhabit the
places where they haunt, whereas in Star Wars, they can appear anywhere.
In Star Wars, ghosts can only be seen by certain individuals, whereas in
Harry Potter, anyone can see them.

I think that the thing to do here is to sort of split the difference.
Ghosts can appear away from their haunts, but only in mental images of
force sensitive individuals. They cannot interact with normal matter,
they can interact with energy on a limited basis. They have no
knowledge of the afterlife, but they do retain a really good memory for
when they were alive. They can fly around like in Harry Potter.

I think that there is one major ghost character in the Rebellion, and
that is General Bec. General Bec is a fairly good-natured ghost, if a
little too serious for anyone else. They were a dedicated general in the
Rebellion, and died in the first offensive that the rebellion took. Ever
since that defeat, they have vowed to end the Empire, no matter how long
it takes to accomplish in death what they could not in life. I think
that General Bec is the most senior officer in the Rebellion, being the
most dead. They haunt their medal of valor that the rebellion made up on
the spot to celebrate Bec's death. Bec, child of Wil, would have been
the most decorated rebellion member if they stayed dead, but now they
have earned 3 more medals for valor. And, the ghost general has a
predilection for medals ceremonies, so they are the ones that award them
to the troops now. What started as a singular medal for a dead alien
became the start of many many awards ceremonies that Bec has instigated.
Nowadays, any major offensive has at least two medals awarded, mostly
posthumously, I'm afraid to say.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There was no way that Harriet was going to be late to class again. This
would be the third time this month, and that usually means something to
someone in charge. The three strikes rule was older than the Empire
itself, yet she didn't understand the context at all. She reasoned that
maybe it had to do with old football rules, but she didn't really think
about it that much. It's one of those facts that you make up and then
accept as true without talking to anyone about it.

There's all kinds of things that Harriet believed in that weren't really
true. But she didn't really know what those things were. Just a
suspicion. And only because she was told by her parents that she was
wrong about things. She remembered one of the last conversations that
she had with her mother was about her choice of clothing, and how her
mother did not approve. She was never really told exactly why her
clothing didn't meet with her approval, at least, not exactly. Just that
it was unacceptable, and that she needed to wear bike shorts or
something under that skirt. Completely ridiculous, who wears bike shorts?
Is that anything like a football kit, because that would not have worked
with that outfit. But then, Harriet regretted that conversation with
her mother. There was something unsaid, that was painful. And Harriet
never got the chance to make amends for that conversation, because it
was that same week that the shuttle accident happened, and they never
fully reconciled from that fight. They were friendly and loving as
usual, but there was an edge to it that Harriet could not put her finger
on. There was nothing she could do about it now. This was the problem
with being an orphan, she decided. These bad memories just cropped up
when you least expecting them, and she was angry about it. Her head
wasn't her own, and that seemed incredibly unfair. She should be able to
have her own thoughts without going back to things that she couldn't
change. Oh, memory, the happiness killer. How was she ever going to cope
with having unhappy memories? There was emotional trauma, but she hid it
well. She was always happy on the outside. She never cried at school,
never. That just wouldn't be acceptable. So, she buried herself in
football and her mates, but not on anything deeply emotional. She held
her feelings back, especially when told to expose them in public. Like
her voice lesson professor. She was only involved in voice lessons
because her father wanted her to do it while he was alive. And everyone
else decided for her that voice lessons were good for her. No one asked
her if she wanted to do voice lessons.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

She was never asked if she wanted to keep doing voice lessons, but she
didn't feel like she had a choice. It was the last thing that she talked
about with her dad, before he went on the shuttle. Oh boy, memories
again. Damn them. Why couldn't people just live in the ever present
moment? Of course, she picked that up from some garbage holovid, but it
was there in her vocabulary, and you weren't going to make her stop
saying it. It was practically a catch phrase. Ever present moments, or
no, Harriet was actually pretty good at paying attention to events as
they unfolded, or at least, sometimes. She was really good at staying in
the present moment in football, where everything was all focus, intent,
and speed. There was no room for bad memories when you were playing
football. Especially zero-g football. You just couldn't think about
heartbreak. In fact, as team captain, she had benched people for being
heartbroken, so that they wouldn't cause a loss just because they had
losses of their own. Some people probably saw this as compassion, but
for Harriet, it was strategy. She also happened to believe in universal
health care, which she got from the Empire. They were pretty evil as
Empires go, but they weren't as insidiously evil as the United States of
America was pre-magic.

I need to come up with her entire class, don't I? I have to come up with
at least some of them. But I think that I need to research more about
boarding schools before I do that. I need to know about class sizes, and
then reduce that because they are a select school on a space station,
where space is premium. I think that this school is a singular
institution, but they follow something like a Common Core curriculum
that all the schools teach. They just have more extracurricular
activities. They are one of the only schools that have a zero-g football
team, so that's how Harriet got in. She is a scholarship kid in a school
of richy riches. That's one of the reasons why she doesn't like anybody
much in the school, with the exception of her football mates and her
smart friend. the one who's name I cannot remember for the life of me.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I think that Harriet is in pretty good health to be at the top of the
varsity football team, so she doesn't take anything. But Q'nall does,
and that's maybe it as far as I can tell? Tobial is a bit older than
they are so he might have some health problems from getting older, so
that's something to think about.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, I just realized, what does Q'nall want to really do with his life,
at least what did he want to do before he became a freedom fighter? I
think that he wanted to become a critic, someone who did cultural
critique for money. It would be the minimal money for sure, but then
again, he could find a patron or crowdfund it, then he'd have been set.
He also has a lot of opinions, and I think that's what causes the
initial awkwardness between him and Harriet. Lots of opinions.

Maybe Q'nall infiltrates the school? Oh, that is probably genius! The
plans that need to be delivered to the Rebellion, the space station that
has the school is a good place to meet, since it isn't heavily guarded
like the Project Fireball station is. And Tobial could claim that he was
evaluating the school for his own children. Q'nall could claim to get a
job as a normal worker at the station, and that's how the information is
handed out. Q'nall must then stay at the station and await further
instructions. When he gets word that he has to destroy the station,
that's when Harriet gets involved, because she discovers this plot while
they are falling in love. Oh jeez, did I just do a Hallmark thing? Is
that some kind of spy clich√©? I must check, because otherwise there is
going to have to be some other way that Harriet gets involved.

this gives them a chance to meet earlier in the book, and have a
romance grow organically, instead of quickly like in a movie. This is a
novel, they should have all the time in the world to fall in love. Well,
that solves one problem and leads to another. I need to get them to get
to the Rebellion, and have Harriet go along with Q'nall at least
somewhat willingly.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, Q'nall infiltrates the school, what job does he have? The Opinions
column of a newspaper, perhaps? Or something more menial, like cleaning
stuff. But then again, what are the robots for? They will likely do all
the cleanup around the station, and more cheaply too. So there isn't a
hot janitor that Harriet falls for. But I do like the idea of a opinion
column, since that is their whole deal at first. She starts to write in
to that jerk in the newspaper. But then again, what kind of newspaper
does she read? Maybe the opinions that Q'nall have are for football? No,
he writes one and that starts the feud. Yeah, that's how it all
starts, a "bad opinion" starts off their romance.

Okay, so Q'nall is posing as a newspaper person, and Harriet is a
student. Is the newspaper a student paper, or a station paper? I think
it's not going to be like the Daily Prophet, I think this is a station
only paper, like South 40 News. Hyperlocal insight into the station
where we all live, or something like that. Something where a forged
identity can be accepted, an official bribed. Maybe the newspaper is
supportive of the rebellion, at least in secret. Yeah, that's it, the
newspaper has been supplying coded messages to the rebellion for months
now, and they are willing to smuggle Q'nall onto the station and accept
him as an employee. They are an independent institution after all, they
can make up their own rules. It's been getting worse and worse under
this Empress, but at least there is still freedom of the press.

And, Q'nall doesn't disguise his name? Nah, that's not good enough.
Q'nall goes by the alias of Roberto, which is a human name. But then
again, a lot of aliens adopt human sounding names if they want to blend
in more. Show that they are willing to assimilate, which is always a
question being asked by an hegemony during these times. That's the
Empire, for those of you that didn't understand what I was saying.
Q'nall goes by Roberto, but reveals his real name to Harriet on purpose,
even though he knows it could get him into trouble. That's the first act
of trust between the two of them, and that is really nice isn't it? I
think it is. I think I'm going to have to add all the romantic bits here
and there, in order to make things interesting. OK, so when he tells her
his name, he tells her to call him Nall, since that's his last name in
this alias, and that is what most of his friends call him anyway. This
was a common tactic in the Rebellion, since false names are hard to
forge, it helps if some of the same characters are used in the new chip.
At least, that's what Q'nall was led to believe. That's what the
programmer Chi'day said.

Oh great, I'm going to have to come up with Rebellion characters too.Oh
boy, lots of character building, not like I haven't ever done that
before. It might be nice to make them up in the style of a Fate
character, so that I can practice making characters that way too.
Including stunts and stuff. But definitely high concept and trouble.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

OK, so we know that Q'nall is disguised as a newspaper person, what is
the paper called? Also, would it be a paper, or would be a local
holonews outlet? Like their job is to import in official newscasts, and
then add in their own stuff? Like how Canada does it? where they have
local stuff mandated into the TV world? I've always admired that about
them. Anyway, I think that the local holonews does everything via
holovid, obviously, so Q'nall actually has his face in vlogs about his
opinion on stuff. It's never controversial opinions, at least, not to
anyone paying little attention. One thing is for sure, that Q'nall never
makes a purple-faced tirade about how bad the rebellion is. No one at
that local holovid news outlet does. There's enough of it in the
official transmissions, they say, they want to balance this stuff.

WAIT A FINGER LICKING MINUTE. Q'nall isn't in the rebellion to begin
with, he's just a sympathizer! Then, he meets up with Eenee and the
others when they join the Rebellion. All the scenes with Rebellion
fighters are just going to have to go in the sequel?

