---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

So, what else does Harriet care about? I started doing a list a while
back, but I don’t remember where it is so I’m going to just wing it.
Football, obviously, and that music duo. And professionalism. But she
also cares about something, I’m not sure, I just kinda froze up. What
does she care about that would be like something important in their
society? She can’t be a climate activist, they fixed that long time ago.
She can’t be a trans activist, because I’m trying to convey that it’s
just not a problem anymore.

Maybe the empire isn’t turning evil, what if it’s an economic thing?
Like, they need as many worlds as possible to achieve some other goal?
In Ann Leckie’s trilogy, she establishes that her Empire just keeps
expanding to protect their current territory. They were expansionist not
entirely on purpose, or at least according to their rhetoric. I want to
do something differently. I think that something about over population
or something like that is what is going on. Or, it could just be that
the Empress is trying to change the Empire to something else, and is
succeeding. But there have to be some undercurrent for making that
change possible. Hm, it could be like Germany needing land for their
farms, or it could be targeting worlds that have mineral resources that
the empire needs, or it could be something else entirely. But I think
that the idea here is that the Empire isn’t just evil, it has a reason
for doing stuff.

Or at least, a reason that makes sense to me, so I can write out their
actions in a logical fashion and reason through the plot from their
perspective. That way, I can have some sense of what is going on in the
story, instead of just copying the plots from my sources, Harry Potter
and Star Wars.
