The school was something to behold, while all the while it was pretty
ugly. It was standard Imperial space station architecture, with the
cylindrical stick in the donut, as described elsewhere in this book. The
main difference between the school and other space stations was not
pronounced on the outside. The inside though, they tried to make it as
much of a school environment as possible. Well, a mix of a school and
the surrounding town. Except in the space station, it’s reversed: the
downtown part is in the central corridor, and the homes are all on the
outer rings. Of course, because of gravitational magic, the walls of the
donut are the floor, and the walls of the station are on the tops and
bottoms of the donut itself. Confusing. And it doesn’t end there. The
rod that makes the center of the station has it’s own gravitational
orientation, the top of the rod points away from the station.

That means that there’s a contradiction in the manuscript now, so you’ll
have to fix it later. The station always points away from a planet, that
makes sense because it takes less magically energy to mitigate that
gravity. In fact, it would probably make sense that the central core
part of a space station doesn’t have any gravity on, and that you have
to work in zero-g. But, then again, that’s not star wars or harry
potter, so I’ll ignore what I said. I think the central spire is going
to be called the Tower of the station, and that’s where external
equipment get’s attached to, to the ends of the spire. And the donut
part of the station is the outer ring. The outer ring of the station is
decided into sections. The dorms are located all together, and the
school takes up the rest of the outer ring. The stores and in the
central ring.

That means that each dorm room has a planetside window and a awayside
window. Each dorm has four people in it, and a central bathroom that is
shared by all the dorm mates. Harriet is dorm mates with Jem, Ven-tika,
and Charlize. Charlize isn’t that outgoing, so we haven’t really seen
her in the story yet. I think that Charlize needs to do something
interesting, kinda a Neville character.

The space station is huge, but also small. It’s enough to be a largish
town, or a smallish city, but nothing like London or New York City. It
has enough room for about 10k people, but the surface area isn’t all
spread out like it would be on a planet. It needs to be able to take up
as little space as possible. And with a thing this size, you can’t have
the entire thing be under a smaller on the inside spell, so you have to
conserve size wherever you can. For example, many of the classrooms can
really only hold about 20 students at a time, except for the Auditorium,
which could easily accommodate 2000 students. It was a full on theater
for the performing arts students, of which there were many. I think that
the idea that the school is only for force sensitives like the Jedi
academy is not going to work, I need something else. More like a secret
school for force sensitives could be like a black site, like in Firefly.
Yeah, that’s the ticket. Well, this could be that secret school, but
something something? Or rather, this and all schools are recruitment
grounds for sensitives? I’m not sure what exactly I want to do with
that, since I kinda want the school to be secretive, but also a standard
boarding school. Then again, Harry Potter’s Hogwarts was a special
school, and that was the charm, and we could tell a story about a
charming school that has something else going on.

I know! I figured it out! The students are monitored for force visions,
and if they have one, they get disappeared into a “special program” that
“helps” them. Yes, that makes sense. Harriet needs to escape the school
or she’ll be recruited into the secret program, and that’s why she
leaves. But she then becomes a rebel when Autok dies.

So, I think that’s a pretty good idea, we’ll see if it holds up in
revision or retelling.
