---
date: '2020-11-24T21:24'
tags:
- scene/05
---

Chapter 5
=========

They couldn’t have found out about him. There was no way that he was
that careless. He covered his tracks so well. How was it that they
blocked his transmission? It was on a secure channel, after all. And he
wasn’t careless. Never that careless. Except, this time, maybe he was.
He wasn’t a spy by nature, no one was. That must be some kind of learned
thing, over time, learned not in a classroom but in situations just like
this.

He wondered whether or not he was going to get out of this alive. There
was no telling how much trouble he was going to get into. There was
certainly no way for him to figure out how he was caught. Well, maybe he
wasn’t caught, after all? He thought about it. It’s possible that he
just had somehow got involved in some magic failure. It was known to
happen. In fact, in high security matters just like Project Fireball,
they didn’t use this kind of communication system. It was just too
unreliable for their exacting standards. Everything was done in person,
with padds being handed out by officers to their engineering staffs. Hm.
What if there was some communication blackout that he didn’t know about.
That was also a good possibility. It’s possible that all communication
traffic to and from the station was going to be blocked, no matter what
he did. He’d have to get into whatever magic system was maintaining this
jamming signal and figure it out from there. But that was the road to
madness, because if he tried that, he’d definitely get caught and die.
No trials were conducted when things were this high security, at least
that’s what the consensus was among the crew of Project Fireball.

No, he was going to have to do this manually, with his own hands. He was
going to hand deliver the news and the schematics to the Rebellion. And
that made him nervous. Well, a great many things made him nervous, but
this especially made him nervous. But, now he was a week behind. If they
did trace his communication, that means that they’ve had a week to try
to break his encryption and figure out who sent that mysterious signal
to outer space.

There wasn’t much time to lose, so he got straight to work on his new
plan. His new plan involved a lot of holonet research, so he was going
to have to be careful about that, too. There’s no telling who is
watching the watchers of the holonet, that’s for sure.

I’m really struggling right now, because I’m nervous about this job
thing and getting my references set up. I’m afraid that I’m not going to
make some deadline, and now I won’t get this job at all. I’m afraid that
even if I were to get to a second interview, I wouldn’t be any good at
it, and that I’d be rejected then anyway. I’m feeling pretty hopeless
about the whole thing, honestly.

Anyway, back to the story. I found that the most interesting part of
Tobial’s character so far is that he is a traitor who is ultimately
loyal. He doesn’t reject the culture he is from, rather he believes that
he is going to save it from a dangerous situation that no one can see
but him. I don’t want to have him be like some kind of delusional
person, who thinks that they are in the middle of some vast conspiracy,
I’m open to the possibility that he’s some kind of something when it
comes to mental health problems. Then again, I really only want that
because I want to have mental health representation in my work ,but the
real question is, what is the appropriate amount of inclusion that I
want to include in my story? I can’t have every character be a different
thing, that would be too much work.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There wasn’t much time, after the station’s mode was changed from
fireball to terraforming. The energy in the combustion chamber was still
building up. You could tell, with that kind of magical power build up.
Any magic user in a million miles could feel that kind of build up. But
no matter, you couldn’t worry about the horrible fate that befell anyone
who was going to be on this station when the chamber reached full
energy. That wasn’t also a good thought to have at a time like this;
they were going to destroy an entire planet for political causes. You
had to fight that kind of thing, prevent it from happening. Maybe the
thing to do was to warn people of the danger when it was too late to do
anything. That would be fair, wouldn’t it? Harriet wasn’t sure anymore
of what the exact right thing to do was; then again, she could find some
small comfort in knowing that the people in the station where there
because they chose to be there. And killing political opponents was
wrong, more wrong than destroying an entire station, correct?

Don’t get into ethical conundrums, she told herself, they are tricky
things to deal with. Football was never like this; the rules were clear
cut and everyone followed them, except when they didn’t, but when they
didn’t, there were clearly defined consequences for them to follow.
everyone knew the rules. In life, there was no way that you could know
all the rules, there were just too many of them. Or maybe, and this was
also a scary thought, there were no rules, just guidelines. That was
really scary to her, and she really wanted to never have these kinds of
thoughts again. They were just too much.

I’m feeling really sleepy. This is a problem of writing in bed. This is
also a problem of not getting enough sleep. I really hope that this will
mend itself, because I don’t have the energy to do this kind of thing
for long periods of time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was while they were fixing waste extractors that Tobial and Grynt
were first discussing the terraforming circuits, when they discover some
weird happenings. Then they start on their quest to get more
information, to find out the discrepancies of the builds that they were
doing for the terraforming thing. At first, they think that it’s a fatal
design flaw, but the more evidence they gather, the more they realize
that it’s not a flaw, but rather the station is there for some more
nefarious purpose.

It takes them about three weeks to discover the truth about the station,
then they try to sabotage the work and Grynt gets caught and is
disappeared. That’s when Tobial starts to figure out that he needs to
get the information to the Rebellion as fast as possible.

I have a lot of thoughts on how long this book should be. I keep
thinking about sequels too, but that doesn’t make any sense to think
about at this current moment. What I need to think about is how I’m
going to tie all of these loose ends together into a cogent story. I
have no idea how I’m going to do that, but it’ll likely involve index
cards with scene names on them. Or maybe headlines in a markdown
document that I can rearrange. We’ll see. Anyway, I need to get going
with the plot, or something. I have no idea what I should be writing
about next, but I know for a fact that it should be something
interesting. Or something boring, actually. I have no clue what to do
and it’s pretty early on in the month, I have a feeling that I should be
doing more reading of fanfic or of romance, because I know that those
scenes exist but I need to write them. I’m still undecided if there are
going to be any romance scenes in the final cut, but I need words and
those are the only ideas that I have. The other thing is that I could
start describing events in excruciating detail. Ooo, or I could start
writing out pointless dialog for the characters, to get a feel for how
they are? That’s actually a pretty good idea for when I’m writing high,
that’s not what’s happening right now.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Harriet had so many different classes, that she couldn’t always figure
out what her schedule was. Actually, that’s not true, I have no idea
what her schedule is but in universe, she would know. So I need to
figure out a rough idea of what her schedule is. I think that she is
going to have 7 classes in a day, that’s about an hour per class with
meals in between. Or, she is on some kind of robotic schedule with a
robot teacher? No, if this is Harry Potter, there needs to be
traditional classrooms and teachers, otherwise it doesn’t make any sense
in that way. But then again, this hasn’t been much of a Harry Potter fan
fic, has it?

I think that there are artificial agents that help with schoolwork but
that it is mostly about human or alien teachers teaching students in
classrooms. Like, android tutoring is available to the students and
teachers alike, but the human connection is what is important for the
school. Some schools only have android teachers, and those are pretty
low resource schools for sure. High end schools have multiple teachers
for each subject. I think that the school needs to be a premium place,
because Hogwarts is a premium place to be.

Speaking of the school, each dorm unit has four students, but there is
the divisions into segments that should be the Houses… or not? I
actually really hate the whole houses thing, so I think that I’ll just
drop it from the story all together.

I could do some research on actual boarding schools and see what they
have to say about the subject. Maybe boarding schools really do have a
history of houses and stuff, and I’m just wrong about the whole thing? I
could make it less like UMSL’s housing and more like a different
arrangement, where larger groups of students

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The war was never started. But, from another perspective, the war was
never over. For someone like the Empress, she had the right vision. She
new about wars, and how they never ended. There would always be wars.
There always have been wars. It’s just a part of history, war is the
dividing principal, like a clock splits time into seconds. Wars were the
bookmarks of history, the bookends, too. Everything is war, you just
have to accept that. There will never be an end to war. Her people had
forgotten that. They were too pacifistic while they were out exploring
the galaxy, and that gave them a reputation to uphold. Well, she was
going to change that. She was fairly young for a human ruling the
species. Some say that your early 30s are when you truly know yourself,
or at least that’s when people start to learn about themselves. That is
when you really start to listen to yourself. Well, the Empress
discovered that she wanted to be the Empress. She really wanted to be
the ruler of a warrior caste, out in the wilderness killing monsters and
game animals for her?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

They were getting high when the conversation just started about the vast
universe, and what even is morality, and about the terraforming unit,
and how it was so strange that all the spells that were inscribed in the
spell circuits are for Earth species exclusively? Why was there only
earth grasses, and microbiomes were also mostly Earth species, unless it
was proven that a different species was really that much better for
them. for the planets that they would be terraforming, right? Also, why
did the terraforming sometimes assume that the world had been devastated
by war, or some artificial disaster? Surely, you’d want to program in
some other contingencies, like if the planet had any existing life in
them. Like, any.

“The base assumption seems to be, that the world is habitable but barren
of all life? Or at least mostly? Devastated, I say. Devastated.”

“But, by what? What would do that sort of thing? Who would? Who would
assume planets fit for colonization would be devastated, as you said.
Devastated.”

“That would sorta, imply that there was something making those planets
devastated. A devastation engine?”

“You mean, you actually believe,”

“Yes, I know what you are thinking, but hear me out,”

"You honestly think, that this station is the devastation engine. That
rumor has been around for as long as the Empire has stood. There is no
such thing as as superweapon

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Let’s go again,

go where?

Back to that conversation we were having before, when we were talking
about the purpose of the station? And you said that there was a
conspiracy?

Sure, if you want to call it that, yes, a conspiracy to commit genocide.
Perhaps many times? It’s serious. I know, it’s a serious accusation to
make against our government, but hear me out, okay?

No, I don’t want to talk about this with you because if we get caught,
we’ll be in really big trouble, like getting disappeared trouble, got
it? I want no part of it.

You must understand, I think it’s worth the risk

You must know nothing of risk if you think this is worth it

I don’t understand what is happening right now

I think that we are having an argument

Oh, I suppose that we are.

Do you want to stop having this discussion? Please, I really don’t want
to get into trouble with anyone. I have a family.

Yes, I am aware of your family, Tobial, you speak of them all the time,
really, I insist, I must talk to you about it, you are the main engineer
of this project, right? that means something to you. I know it does.
What you must understand, is that if I’m right, that you’ll understand
that this is strange to say, but that you aren’t the main engineer of
this project like you thought? What if, and hear me out, what if There
was an array of fire summoning crystals in the core of this ship, and
that crystal array was powered by uranium, and that there is no way that
anyone would need that much fire, unless they were trying to burn a
planet.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

They were trying to talk about the same thing over and over. They keep
dodging, until Grynt confesses what he is thinking. Really, what he is
thinking, which ends up being right of course. That the ship has two
modes, a death mode and a life mode, and when those two were used
together, strategically it means that you can completely wipe out an
entire planet without completely destroying it. By converting into a
devastated planet. That means genocide. That means war crimes. that
means trials, and most certainly, hanging. We are not in a good place to
deny the truth. If the empire ever gets caught with this thing, we would
be exposed and that means accountability.

Accountability for our actions in intergalactic courts?

You mean, the space Hague?

Yes, that. Exactly. Space Hague.

There was a long pause between the two of them. Tobial seemed to be
preoccupied with the space Hague

space Hague?

Space Hague. Yes. Yes, yep.

Then, after that?

After, you want to know, what comes after? I will tell you what comes
after, the space prison, Space-caban. Spazz-caban. How ever you said,
say it, you are going to understand what I’m going to tell you, yes.
Space prison for space wizards. They drive you mad there, you know?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Okay, we are in a tough spot here, we need to talk about this, think
about my family my family, we are talking here.

Yes, we are talking about that, yes, we are

Well, know what, I’m going to be blunt about this.

Oh really, you want to be blunt about this.

Yes, I. Do.

Go ahead then

Are we having an argument

Yes, of course we are, you were about to finally tell me the truth.

To be blunt, this ship and its crew will be committing war crimes if
this vessel is ever to be fully built. It may look like a space station,
it will eventually have to move from target to its next target. And that
makes it a vessel, which means that it has more restrictions on what it
can do according to intergalactic law. A space station has a “stand your
ground” clause that allows it to defend itself without much
ramification. That means that superweapons that stay put are not as
threatening. However, if they other side was not aware of the project,
then how does treaty apply, really, when you get down to the bones of
the matter. The bones of the matter is that this station, this *ship*,
is an engine of devastation, and it must be stopped, and i think that
you agree

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone knows how much they were going to get into trouble when they
started to do their sabotage. Well, not everyone. If anyone else found
out about this, they would be done with then and there. There was too
much risk in coordinating their efforts. The were not going to be in the
same cell. In fact, this was going to be there last conversation ever.
It is going to end in shouting because that is the only way that we are
going to get anywhere with this.

Tobial was always nervous, he was as nervous as when his son was born.
Tobial was going to betray his friend to the Empire, because that’s what
good citizens to when they are faced with this kind of threat to their
lives. That’s what he kept telling himself. He was going to be loyal to
his Empire. his countrymen, to humanity being the best species in the
galaxy, but yet, there was this persistent feeling that he was going to
have to abandon that as a lie, and have to accept that he was going to
have to go through with this after all. There was no way that he was
going to let this happen, was he? He wasn’t so sure anymore. Hm. He was
going to have this think this thing through, and he was going to have to
figure out, what exactly it means to betray someone. or something
greater than yourself. Is this how all traitors feel? So conflicted? Or
was it harder for him because of his level of patriotism. He was going
to see fit that no one deserves to go to the space Hague or however you
spell it, no one was going to deserve that kind of fate myself? Or that
of my family. He loved his family more than the empire, that was for
dammed sure. he was going to serve his family above all else. that was
the core of his identity. had he not make that clear?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The walk into the central core of the tower was enough to convince me
that my friend was right, and that there was a superweapon being built
on a mobile space station, which constitutes is as a vessel, and as
such, is subject to the Intergalactic War Accords? The laws that bind us
all, human or otherwise.

The Rebellion must make this mission it’s new priority. That space
station, that vessel, must be destroyed. sabotage was attempted and
partially successful. We have made the system vulnerable to attack from
a squadron of pilots., such as yourselves. we must destroy that station,
and soon. The core of the supserweapon also powers their defensive
systems, which means that we are going to have a hard time getting close
to that station. However, if we boarded that vessel with enough
officers, at key locations and times, that will allow us, the ability to
defeat the Empire, and exposing them for what they are. For we will
broadcast the entire battle to the outside realms. we will show them
that we are not going to die without a fight, and not without a cause.
We will fight for our right to not become war criminals without our
consent. We are here, to save the universe. Any questions?

man, sitting in this chair really does nothing for my back, you know? I
think my core muscles have weakened as I have grown older.

well, enough of that scene, lets move on to something else, lets say a
sex scene, oh, just kidding because I have no idea what trans sex is
like, or sex between aliens, or like, whether or not it actually adds
anything to the story, or whether or not I’m a pervert, all of these
things are all really good questions.

Hang on, did I admit that I’m a perv? God I’m high.

Hold on, I’m not really a pervert I don’t think. I seem to be writing a
character that seems like me but isn’t really.

then again, what if that’s how the mind is made, of many voices, and
that was an admission of guilt from that part of your brain.

New brain, who dis?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

alright, so there was this town that everyone lived in, right? They were
all terrorized by a giant scorpion god and they could not flee. They
could not defend themselves. they could not continue to live under the
terror. They could not.

then, an opportunity presented itself. They would sabotage the ship, and
if one of them were caught, the other promised to send word to the
Rebellion to make sure they were apprised of the situation here on the
station, and that they would come here and

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There was such a thing as worrying too much but Tobial Bee wasn’t going
to let it bother him, not this time. He was going to complete the
mission, and nothing was going to stop him. At least, that’s what he was
anticipating doing. He wasn’t really sure.
