This wasn’t the way that it was supposed to go. The footballs were
bouncing around as much as they were expected to; in fact, they were
doing even better than expected. They kept multiplying and then bouncing
in every possible direction. If Harriet had played Mario Kart, should
would have thought about green turtle shells, zooming around the school
like some kind of dodecahedral hurricane. This plan was going to work
after all, and Harriet was pleased at the damage that it was doing to
all the ugly art work and what not on the walls, The moving portraits
were all empty now, all the people in the pictures had left their frames
to avoid the football Armageddon that was thrust upon them by Harriet
and her crew. Were they her crew? Not really, she decided, but they were
going to become her crew if she had anything to say about it. She had
been waiting to be a team captain for 3 years, now, and in all that
time, she never really got more than a meter closer to that goal since
Elise was still in charge. It was going to be her season. She was going
to at the least be second in command, but she always had a hard time
keeping things serious. Her acerbic humor wasn’t going to help her
command a unit, or whatever the military term is. I guess she ended up
in a military group after all. That was the most popular vocation for
people in her school, after bureaucrat. Not many artists were able to
make it through the school without getting roped into doing a “good” job
for the Empire. Then again, there were those art classes that she was
required to take. She couldn’t really figure out what the school was all
about anyway. .Was it vocational or academic? Was it meant to turn out
artists or technocrats? Which one, school? Which one?

She digressed. The football plan was working. And now came the moment
they were waiting for: apparate to the portkey in the central corridor.
Harriet had only just learned how to apparate a few months ago, so she
was understandably worried that she was going to cause some kind of
problem when she entered the room. Was she going to apparate right into
somebody, and cause them to hurt her in some way. Was she going to get
someone else hurt?

She had a sneaky suspicion that the portkey wasn’t going to be there.
That wasn’t a real problem. It’s just that, ever since she found out
about the Force, she was starting to trust her intuition more and more.
Maybe she was going to become some powerful sage after all. Now that
would be a laugh, a footballer sage? There shouldn’t be room in the
galaxy for that kind of nonsense.

Okay, it was go time. Tobial waved his laser wand in a complicated
pattern to scry into the room where the port key was. Yep, still intact.
The way that planetary portkeys work is that you have two identical
pieces of glass that have handles on them, to allow for an easy place to
grip while you are waiting for it to activate. For a few seconds anyway.
Then, the two portkeys switch places, taking along anyone on the station
to the surface, and anyone on the surface to the station. For this sort
of thing, the portkey access is controlled by a schedule, and the
portkey only activates on that schedule. If you were late, you had to
make a new appointment to get access to the portkey. However, the plan
for this trip was to activate the portkey prematurely by activating the
manual mode, which is something that happens in emergencies. And, she
thought to herself, this is definitely an emergency. They had
information vital to the Rebellion and they were in danger of getting
killed by Armada forces.

Once the coast was clear, Harriet closed her eyes, and imagined herself
in the new destination, and… she was there. Perfect, right where she
needed to be, right next to the portkey. She reached over and pulled the
lever that activates the manual mode.

just as she was doing that, a football flew right into her field of
vision. Without thinking, she headed the ball – right into the portkey.

It smashed. It was like a bejeweled snowfall, the way that the crystal
shattered against the wall and all the glass fell down to the ground.
This was what her intuition was telling her, that she was going to have
to accept that the plan wasn’t going to work anymore.

Q’nall was the first to speak after the portkey was smashed, “What
happened?”

“I headed the ball and, and, and, I broke it!” Harriet was almost in
tears and almost yelling at the top of her lungs, but not quite.
Everyone could tell that she was really upset, that’s the point.

“Don’t worry, the planetside portkey will arrive in less than a minute,”
Tobial said, while waving his hands to try to keep the footballs at bay,
“Then we’ll just activate the portkey again, and we’ll be off!”

“And it’ll keep them from following us. Good job, Hare!” Jem said. And
Harriet was glad that Jem was there. How did she ever guess that Jem was
on her side! I wonder how many of her other dorm mates felt the same way
about the Empire?

However, the celebration was cut short when a laser wand blast exploded
one of the footballs in midair, really close to where Harriet’s face
was.

“Take cover!” Eenee shouted, drawing her own laser wand and launching an
Expelliarmous spell. It didn’t connect, but it did give everyone enough
time to duck into various tables and things that were in the corridor.
Why were there these things in the corridor, hasn’t anyone heard of safe
walkways? Harriet moaned in her mind as she found a debate podium to
hide behind.

It seemed like minutes. Spells flying everywhere, footballs flying
everywhere, it was a completely chaotic situation and Harriet had some
experience with that, since she was a zero-g footballer.
