---
date: 2020-11-24T21:32
tags:
- scene/10
---

Chapter 10
==========

So, there they were, waiting for the ship to leave. They weren't certain
that the food barge was going to go exactly where they expected it to
go. There were all kinds of factors. Things that they couldn't possibly
anticipate. Murphy's law was as certain as the sun. Something was going
to go wrong, he was sure of it. Tobial had never left anything to chance
in his entire life, and now he was going to have to do something risky
for a good cause. For a good cause, mind you. But still, risky.

Tobial went over the plan over and over in his head. There was anymore
any number of things that could go wrong, like for instance, what if the
pilot decides to take a break right before the docking procedure? What if
the other officer is late? Timing was everything in an operation like
this, and there was little room for uncertainty. It took a lot of
credits to get all of them onto this barge, and that wasn't including
the bribe that he had to make to the port master to even get into the
barge. What was the excuse that he used? Oh right, he was smuggling
drugs. That was a common enough reason to want access to cargo without a
permit. It was reason enough to choose that particular port master, she
was notorious for allowing contraband into the station. After all, how
else were people going to get their drugs? Life in Project Fireball was
stressful, and the personnel that peopled that station were high stress
individuals, and the drugs helped them cope with what they were doing.
I'm sure that the high command of the station was even indulging in
drugs, to keep their conscience clear. Anything for the Empire, he
supposed. Then again, he wasn't working for the Empire exclusively
anymore, was he? No, he was slowly turning into a Rebel, and that scared
him just a bit. He knew that change was something that didn't come
easily to people, especially him. He hadn't even changed his breakfast
for 10 years. But now he was becoming a rebel, and that was a huge
change in his world. And at some point, he wasn't going to be able to
see his family any more. That hurt him. He had already written many
letters to his family, begging for forgiveness for his actions.
Explaining why he was doing it. Explaining that someday, he would be
exonerated as a hero, not a traitor. It was going to be history to be
the judge of him, not the Empress or anyone else. History would decide
if what he did here today was righteous or not. And he was betting on
history seeing it his way, the way of the Rebellion, the way of the
Empire not committing horrible war crimes in the name of a single
Empress.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There wasn't anyway that they were going to get out of this alive, was
there? There was just no way. They were going to die as traitors, and no
one was going to mourn them. Well, the Rebellion was going to mourn
them, since they were traitors to. What was he thinking? He shouldn't
have let Tobial talk him into this mission. There were too many risks,
and that meant that he was going to die. He was going to be a tragic
hero to the Rebellion, but a traitor to the empire, and that means that
he wasn't going to get buried properly. That means that he's not going
to be cremated and shot into space like he wanted to. Well, maybe that
can be done from the Rebellion stronghold on Gorgaplax. That would be
the kind of thing that they might do. They were once Imperial citizens,
so they understand the burial rites just like anyone else.

You see, burial in the ground was considered a wasteful thing to do,
like littering or dumping garbage into a pure mountain stream. It was
considered pollution, and pollution was what caused the original climate
crisis on Earth, wasn't it? That's what happened. Of course, Earth is no
longer in danger, but that's because people stopped burying their dead.
Well, some religions still practiced it, but they were grandfathered in.
All new, sanctioned burials were in space. Some places that were popular
to place a memorial was in Kuiper belts, or other asteroid belts in
whatever system that you lived in. Others opted to just be sent out into
space, with a tracking system of course, if someone needed to find you.
Because asteroid belts were an environmental feature in the star systems
that they appear in, that means that they are under some of the same
environmental concerns as planetary bodies. That's why it was popular to
send yourself into space. Some people preferred to be shot into their
star for their system, but that was pretty rare, but growing in
popularity. Because of the advances in magical medicine, they can keep a
sort of hologram of your body so that they can do any examinations on
that body without needing the original. Still, some people were
sentimental about remains, and had their loved ones encased in a block
of carbon that served as an urn of sorts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There was a time when she would have gave anything to play football
professionally, but now that wasn't going to happen, was it? Maybe the
thing to do is to just accept the fact that life doesn't always go where
you want it to.

In fact, what she wanted to do more than anything was to see her
favorite team, the Gravity Wellingtons, play in their home stadium at
V'stanqi IV. There was going to be some kind of championship game there
soon, but since she started working with the Rebellion, she didn't have
any idea of what was going on in the world of zero-g football. At least,
not at the level that she was accustomed to at school. When she was in
school, she programmed her phone to update her on the tiniest bit of
football news that the magic could find. That was the beauty of the
magical future: anyone can program their devices with magical spells,
and it mostly worked. Spreadsheets were mere child's play compared to what
she could do with a phone and a lot of magical reading about creating a
definition of football news. It was impressive. Her magitech professor
was impressed. In fact, she got extra credit when she shared her
secrets to the class in a special presentation. Maybe that was something
she could do in the Rebellion, Harriet thought. She could be some kind
of engineer. But that's not the same as football is it? Football is
life, and you could not take that away from her. There would be some
soul searching to do if she couldn't play football, but she was going to
take care of that later. Now, she needs to focus on the current mission,
which was to do what again? She never had a military mind, at least, not
when it came to mission briefings. She could never get all the details
down. She didn't see anyone else taking notes, so she didn't see a
reason for her to. If they could do it, she could. She just needed to be
better at remembering things. Maybe she could ask someone in private if
they could remember things like they seem to, or if they were faking
somehow. That would be a laugh. All the senior staff of the Rebellion
not knowing what they were doing, that was absurd.

Still, as her smart friend has always said, it never hurts to ask
questions. In class, and in life. Well, this was going to be some kind
of thing about that, isn't it? Harriet hated when her smart friend was
right. There was something about her that made her realize that she
really was her best friend, despite the fact that she knew next to
nothing about football. She wondered what she thought of Harriet now, as
a Rebellion fighter. Maybe there was a way to convince her to join the
cause? No, there was no way that her smartest friend would be that
stupid. No way.

Ven-tika, now, maybe she would be a Rebellion fighter. She was always
talking about the Rebellion news, and now much she was jealous of them.
Maybe she could be recruited? Hm, it might be worth the risk. School was
almost over, so there would be little time in trying to get her to
come over to the Rebellion before she started doing whatever it was that
she decided to do with her life.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, does smart friend get into the Rebellion? I think that the way that
it works is either she goes in with Harriet from the beginning, which is
a lot more like Star Wars and Harry Potter, or does she join for
different reasons in a later story? I think that I'd like her to join
the adventure as early as possible, and she can find someone to fall in
love with too. Maybe the ghost? Just kidding, no one ends up with a
ghost in this story. I mean, how would that work? There's no physical
contact, so it would all be in the realm of the mind, right? Do you read
smut to each other when one or both of the participants are ghosts? I
cannot figure that part out, and I won't have to, because I'm not
writing that sceneâ€¦unless I get really bored or something. But I
don't see that happening.

So, Harriet, Jem, and now smart friend are coming along for
the ride, is that enough people? Or is it following a rule of three or
something? I mean, I guess I should count Q'nall in that, and Tobial.
Now, who is Eenee? That was a character that I wrote about a lot in the
beginning of Q'nalls adventure, when he wasn't going to be part of the
school station paper. I think that would be the start of the second
book, if there is going to be a second book. I might decide to turn this
into a trilogy, since that my source material is split up into an epic
story line with multiple entries in it. It would be a shame to have just
one book, if I can have three. We'll see. I think that I could be some
sort of writer without a series, but I kinda like the idea of having
one, since this is space opera, it should be epic and sweeping. So, what
I should do is focus on writing the first book, but also figure out plot
points that could exist in the future. I think that each struggle should
some kind of thing that is epic too. Like, they damage the station,
don't destroy it, so they have to come up with another plan to stop
it? Or the station is destroyed, but they start building another
superweapon? No, I don't like that at all. That's too Star Wars. In
Harry Potter, they have a combination of the same villains and new
villains in each book. I think that I could do something like that,
where the Empress is the same, but she has different generals that all
have different ideas of how to conquer more worlds. The first one is the
space station, that's how they all get together. The second plot could
be related to B's idea of using sympathetic magic to commit genocide,
kind of like how Teatime tries to control children in The Hogfather. I
think that's the most epic one, so I'd leave that to the third book. I
think that the second book needs something equally creative, or it'll
end up being filler and I don't like that about middle books and movies.
The middle should also be good, and not filler. So, how do I make a
second book that isn't filler? Nothing with time travel, there is no
time traveling in this story, otherwise the whole thing becomes time
travel. I will not use time travel as a one off plot point, thank you
much.

I think that the second book in this trilogy would be something like, I
don't know, a direct military threat, kinda like in Empire Strikes Back,
where the Rebellion has to struggle a bit and a lot of people die. The
Rebellion has to deal with their victory because they are declared an
Enemy of the State and thus have a lot more military presence going
after them. Basically, the Empire declares war against the Rebellion. In
which the Rebellion has to figure out it's destiny, and Harriet ends up
having a lot to do with how it goes. She thinks that the Rebellion
should create their own civilization, and a lot

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, the world was going to come to an end, at least as far as Tobial was
concerned. He was going to have all kinds of problems with this new
order of things. He didn't come here to start a new nation? One without
an Empress or anything even! A participatory democracy? What kind of
nonsense was that? There shouldn't be that kind of thing in the universe
anymore, participatory democracies can't work in the space age. There
was once a word that described what Tobial was, but he didn't know it.
It started with an F and ended with ascist. Tobial was in charge of his
family, or at least he used to be. He missed them so much. Now that
there was a war declared on the Rebellion, there was no way that he was
going to make it back alive, was he? The death station was destroyed,
wasn't it? That was the end of the deal. He wanted to go back to the
Empire, but he needed to do something that endeared the empire to love
him and accept him again. There was nothing to be gained here, and he
knew it in his heart, that he didn't belong with these space hippies. He
had to go home, but how? How was he going to go home?

He was going to have to betray his new friends, wasn't he? But then
again, he was done with them in terms of their usefulness to him, wasn't
he? They weren't really his friends, not if they knew that he was going
to have to betray them. That was it, he was going to have to betray his
new friends, in order to gain his old family back. And the family was
the most important thing to Tobial Bee, the family. He was going to sell
the Imperial government military secrets. That was how he was going to
win favor back in the Empire. He was going to trade secrets for
clemency. He wondered how far that his spy activities were going to have
to go in order for him to get back into the Empire. It wasn't going to
be easy, that's for sure. He was going to have to use every bit of his
cunning to get those secrets out before he gets caught.

This is how the second book would go: The war is declared, and Tobial
starts to betray the Rebellion to the Empire, and that's how the Empire
starts to win the war. By the end of the story, the Empire will be held
back and nearly defeated after Tobial's betrayal is exposed. He doesn't
make it home, and he is killed in an offensive that he helped plot
against the Rebellion. His family get his letters, and they are exposed
to the public to garner support for the war effort. It backfires though,
because the letters expose the project fireball plan and thus makes the
Empress look bad. That is the climate in which the third book begins,
with the Empire on the run, and trying desperately to find a weakness in
the Rebellion. But they can't so they turn to genocide. The plan is that
if they kill the right aliens

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Space shovels are stupid, Harriet decided, definitively. Why did she
need to use one? Oh right, to dig out trenches for the upcoming battle.
Space shovels. They should be able to dig themselves, right? Yes,
Harriet was convinced that she could magic the shovels into doing her
work for her. So she, set about for her wand, and started to think about
exactly which spell would be her friend here. She didn't know that many
spells, so she decided to do what she always did; get her smartest
friend to do it for her, or rather, help her find it herself. Yes,
that's right, she wasn't going to MAKE her do it, just help her out.

What ends up happening after the spell was cast is like, the scene from
Fantasia where the brooms start to do too much work? Yeah, same thing
happens with the shovels. There's a messy part where they get covered in
mud trying to cover up their mistake, and then they end up in front of
the ghost general to explain themselves. That's when they hear the news
about Q'nall and Eenee getting transported to a random Imperial planet,
and their mission is to find Q'nall and Eenee and bring them back. At
the point, Harriet and Q'nall are full on lovers, but they are in the
honeymoon phase, so they haven't had any arguments yet.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Is there Zoom in the future? Of course, there is, Star wars clearly has
holographic communication, so that's no problem. Three is of course that
blue sheen that holograms have, but that's no problem.

