---
date: '2020-11-24T21:25'
tags:
- scene/06
---

Chapter 6
=========

And so we decided to carry on, with the mission. He was going to carry
on with the mission, even though his partner in crime was killed.
Especially that part. Could he maybe think about it some more? Think
about the excruciating suffering that you are risking to start to
sabotage the station? Wasn’t that unthinkable? That sort of treaty you
expect from \[romulan type species\] but not Imperial citizens. Many,
this was going to be hard to explain to the wife. If he explained it to
the wife. If he could explain it. But no, she would probably turn me in,
just like I tried to turn in Grynt.

No, this had to be done delicately and that meant alone, like the other
sabotage he had done. Perhaps sabotage wasn’t enough, what if instead he
had to deliver this information to the Rebellion.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I was thinking about how there is a question about the Dursleys. Are
there any Dursleys in this story? So far, I’ve never said that Harriet
ever lives anywhere else than on the station, but I suppose that there
could be the equivalent of a summer break where students would visit
their families. That’s probably a pretty standard thing in boarding
schools.

So, what is this family like? Are they bad people that Harriet hates and
that they hate Harriet, or are they supportive? Or maybe just
indifferent? Well, wait, Harriet’s parents are still alive in the story,
so that means that she would be living with her parents, and that means
no Dursleys. That’s fine, I thought that was something that wouldn’t add
too much to the story. That certainly doesn’t match up with star wars at
all.

So, no durselys, what about the weasleys? Well, we establish that
Harriet goes to live with Jem’s family, and we could temporarily call
them the weasleys, but I don’t think I want to do that, I think that
they are going to be called the Barrows, after the Barrow from Harry
Potter.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Harriet should have some other interests instead of just football. I
mean, it can be the focal point of her life, but she’s a bit
one-dimensional when she first appeared on the scene. I think that maybe
the thing to do is to do questionnaires as her and fill out her
character some more. Or I could rant here and that something will come
up from it, like have some secrets revealed here or something that will
make her character more interested.

Like, what kind of music does she like? What kind of music is in the
space future? Do they still listen to rock and roll thousands of years
in the future, or is it all electronica? What kind of instruments do
they have in the magical future of space?

I think that the instruments that are in fashion again are like, self
playing instruments? That multi instrumentalists magic into life, and
they sort of generate music through magical means, and that is the music
that people listen to? Then again, I always predict that generative
music is going to be the wave of the future, aren’t I? There was that
story idea, Orion’s Planet, that I had that idea in the first place. And
I just now remembered what Orion’s Planet was about. it was going to be
a story about a lone soldier on a planet that discovers his own humanity
and stops destroying the planet. It seems that some of the same themes
have popped up here too. I suppose that I’m always interested in the
same kinds of things, year after year. Maybe I can get some of that
story into this one? That would be interesting, a novel within a novel?
Maybe Harriet is reading a novel and it helps her understand some of the
things that are happening in her real world? Hm, that might have some
merit, but probably not, so I’m not going to settle on an answer for
that idea just yet. It could be that the whole recursive novel thing is
a gimmick and people will see it that way and I will be ashamed or
something. But that’s an irrational thought, and I shouldn’t indulge
those.

One thing about both star wars and harry potter is the beasts. Both
worlds have them. The ones from star wars are more obviously monsters
that don’t need any context, whereas the beasts from Harry Potter are
taken from folklore. I think maybe a combination of that would serve
this story well. Space monsters, some of which have a greater folklore
connotation. Alien folklore, that is an interesting topic, you can
basically make anything up and bam, it’s mythical .

Harriet was really interested in one artist named Oy! They were a
Yiddish punk rock group that sang shouted in Yiddish and they played the
rockinest licks. They were two people, but they played 5 instruments.
Yettle with both guitars and the drums, and Plotz with the keyboard and
the theremin. They were pretty good to most people her age, but the
grownups didn’t get it. They didn’t understand how a culture like
Yiddish could be into punk rock like they were. It was all mysterious to
them, but for Harriet, they were dynamic and great. And she listened to
them all the time. She also enjoyed other things that were punk rock,
being pop punk really at this point, because they were so far away from
original punk that they were almost completely unrecognizable. For one
thing, they were loyal to the Empire. That isn’t punk rock at all.

The other thing that Harriet liked was Imagist poetry, although she
didn’t really know that. She just liked poems that painted a picture
that she could concretely see with her mind, but more abstract poetry
about feelings just sounded pretentious and fake to her. She hated
almost all poetry, except for Mbubek of Chular, who was imagist. I
believe that she would like William Carlos Williams, if they studied him
in schools anymore, which they don’t. That’s just the cruelty of history
I’m afraid. She will never know anything of Williams unless she picks up
the book of his complete works and reads them. She might. She might get
a copy of that book on her birthday if she is lucky. They definitely
still celebrate birthdays in the empire. the imperial birthday comes
once a year also, and it is a mandatory holiday.
