---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

There was no way that Harriet was going to be late to class again. This
would be the third time this month, and that usually means something to
someone in charge. The three strikes rule was older than the Empire
itself, yet she didn't understand the context at all. She reasoned that
maybe it had to do with old football rules, but she didn't really think
about it that much. It's one of those facts that you make up and then
accept as true without talking to anyone about it.

There's all kinds of things that Harriet believed in that weren't really
true. But she didn't really know what those things were. Just a
suspicion. And only because she was told by her parents that she was
wrong about things. She remembered one of the last conversations that
she had with her mother was about her choice of clothing, and how her
mother did not approve. She was never really told exactly why her
clothing didn't meet with her approval, at least, not exactly. Just that
it was unacceptable, and that she needed to wear bike shorts or
something under that skirt. Completely ridiculous, who wears bike shorts?
Is that anything like a football kit, because that would not have worked
with that outfit. But then, Harriet regretted that conversation with
her mother. There was something unsaid, that was painful. And Harriet
never got the chance to make amends for that conversation, because it
was that same week that the shuttle accident happened, and they never
fully reconciled from that fight. They were friendly and loving as
usual, but there was an edge to it that Harriet could not put her finger
on. There was nothing she could do about it now. This was the problem
with being an orphan, she decided. These bad memories just cropped up
when you least expecting them, and she was angry about it. Her head
wasn't her own, and that seemed incredibly unfair. She should be able to
have her own thoughts without going back to things that she couldn't
change. Oh, memory, the happiness killer. How was she ever going to cope
with having unhappy memories? There was emotional trauma, but she hid it
well. She was always happy on the outside. She never cried at school,
never. That just wouldn't be acceptable. So, she buried herself in
football and her mates, but not on anything deeply emotional. She held
her feelings back, especially when told to expose them in public. Like
her voice lesson professor. She was only involved in voice lessons
because her father wanted her to do it while he was alive. And everyone
else decided for her that voice lessons were good for her. No one asked
her if she wanted to do voice lessons.

She was never asked if she wanted to keep doing voice lessons, but she
didn't feel like she had a choice. It was the last thing that she talked
about with her dad, before he went on the shuttle. Oh boy, memories
again. Damn them. Why couldn't people just live in the ever present
moment? Of course, she picked that up from some garbage holovid, but it
was there in her vocabulary, and you weren't going to make her stop
saying it. It was practically a catch phrase. Ever present moments, or
no, Harriet was actually pretty good at paying attention to events as
they unfolded, or at least, sometimes. She was really good at staying in
the present moment in football, where everything was all focus, intent,
and speed. There was no room for bad memories when you were playing
football. Especially zero-g football. You just couldn't think about
heartbreak. In fact, as team captain, she had benched people for being
heartbroken, so that they wouldn't cause a loss just because they had
losses of their own. Some people probably saw this as compassion, but
for Harriet, it was strategy. She also happened to believe in universal
health care, which she got from the Empire. They were pretty evil as
Empires go, but they weren't as insidiously evil as the United States of
America was pre-magic.

I need to come up with her entire class, don't I? I have to come up with
at least some of them. But I think that I need to research more about
boarding schools before I do that. I need to know about class sizes, and
then reduce that because they are a select school on a space station,
where space is premium. I think that this school is a singular
institution, but they follow something like a Common Core curriculum
that all the schools teach. They just have more extracurricular
activities. They are one of the only schools that have a zero-g football
team, so that's how Harriet got in. She is a scholarship kid in a school
of richy riches. That's one of the reasons why she doesn't like anybody
much in the school, with the exception of her football mates and her
smart friend. the one who's name I cannot remember for the life of me.
