When Q’nall came to, he was on the ground. Not in his ship, not in
space, but on the ground. What ground? What? How?

He heard a groaning. It was Eenee. Just a few paces away. She was
bleeding from her nose. Q’nall put his fingers on his lips and pulled it
away. Yep, green, pasty fluid. That was his alright. He looked around.
Yes! The enemy pilot was a little always off, still passed out. Or dead.
He started to get up, but his knee gave out. He looked down. The
artificial knee that he got two years ago wasn’t warm like it was
supposed to be. He caressed it with his hand. Yep, cold. That means that
the magic failed, and that he wasn’t going to be walking under his own
power any time soon. He didn’t have the skills to do these repairs. He
looked at his exposed kneecap. There was just the smallest protrusion of
metal from it. He placed his thumb over the metal. Cold. Damn. He was
going to need a magitechnition on this one.

He dragged himself over to Eenee. “Hey, hey, wake up, don’t go dying on
me.”

Eenee wasn’t looking too good. She had a black eye. That was a pretty
common injury for pilots that flew the Veesta-class fighters. The
helmets had a partial heads up display embedded over the pilot’s
stronger eye to allow for information to be displayed to the pilot
regardless of head direction. It was the kind of thing that seems good
on paper but not good in practice. Unfortunately, it was a hard hack to
remove the module from the helmet every time you flew, so a lot of
pilots just turn the heads up display off except for emergency sigils.
You don’t want to deactivate emergency sigils, unless you want your
commanding officer to be royally pissed at you. Or if you want to die.
Or both.

“Eenee, wake up, you have a HUD eye,” Q’nall starting to ready a slap,
then Eenee raised her hand and lightly grabbed his wrist.

“Why aren’t we dead?” Eenee grumbled, “How are we planet-side, we were
no where near a planet.”

“The explosion, that must be it” Q’nall said, “The apparation spell must
have activated, in like, the explosion. We were all caught in it, and we
must have, apparated… here.”

“Where is here?” Eenee mumbled.

“I have no clue. I’ve never heard of anything like this happening,”
Q’nall started to look around, surveying the landscape. It was pretty
nice, actually. Probably the nicest planet he’d ever been on. He looked
at the sky. It was a brilliant blue. He clutched a clump of ground,
looking at the small, tightly gripping grass and the topsoil. “I think
here is an Imperial planet.”

“How do you know that?” Eenee was starting to pull her self up from the
ground.

“I’ve never seen grass like this. It must be genetically engineered. And
the sky is really, really clear. That means that this planet has been
terraformed, or at least maintained like a park. That must mean that
this is an Imperial planet that is really, really established.”

“I think you are just complaining about our usual haunts.” Eenee started
to stand now. “I think you are jealous. Now let’s stop worrying about
the grass and focus on our prisoner?”

“I’m not sure if we aren’t the prisoners now.” Q’nall said anxiously.
“If this is an Imperial planet, we are doomed to be prisoners ourselves,
and I don’t know about you, but I’m not going to be stuck in an Imperial
camp.”

“Are you kidding? If we are on Imperial soil, we’ve invaded. That means
that we get executed. Plus this is a hostage situation now.”

“Since when?”

“Since we have a hostage,” Eenee smiled. “We can’t get home without our
ship’s apparation drive, so now we are going to have to negotiate a way
off this planet, and that enemy,” she said, pointing a bloody finger at
the prone fighter pilot, “is our hostage.”
