---
tags:
- fiction/novels
- harriet-starr
---

“So, here we are, in the middle of burning wreckage” Jem started to
panic. “How do you rebels deal with this?”

“I’m pretty new, so I have no idea how rebels deal with this. They don’t
have rebel school you know.” Harriet said saltily.

“Wait, where are my parents? Shouldn’t they be here? I can see your
parents, but I can’t find mine. What I felt in space, it can’t be true,
it can’t be true!”

And so, this scene is where we find out definitely that Harriet’s
parents have been killed by Project Fireball as the ship that they were
on got blown from the sky in a real bad way. The reason why they were
all on that ship? I have no idea, I’ll have to think of it either now or
later, and I’m busy right now telling you a story and having back
trouble. Anyway, so this death scene is sad, probably the most emotional
that the book will get. I’m going to have to really dig deep and be
vulnerable for this, but I’m not in that state of mind right now and I
can’t think of a way of digging that deeply and doing wars at the same
time. That might have to be a scene that get’s written in like the
second draft or something. Like the sex scenes. But I’m not sure there
should be any sex scenes. but then again, I’m taking fan fiction as an
inspiration and we all know that fan fiction involves really weird sex
scenes that don’t make any sense and aren’t really that sexy, but what
can you do? This is Harry Potter and Star Wars mashed up, and they don’t
deal with sex hardly at all. Then again, they don’t deal with trans
positively either, so we’ll see. We’ll have just to wait and see.

Meanwhile, back and the death star, the way that this works is that we
start the story with Tobial being a lowly engineer, working on something
that raises his suspicious nature to the fore and gives him a first
glimpse into what the station does. His realization at what it does is
when we discover what it does and he defects. He’s going to be cut in a
bunch into the early story, then when he joins the alliance he like
become a big deal general because of his information and the upshot is
that his family ends up needing to be saved by him and he rescues them
and that is how his whole family comes into the rebellion, because the
Empress wants to make an example of him just like he thought was going
to happen, but hey, he’s able to get everybody out, well, maybe someone
dies, but I haven’t decided yet.

Anyway, what happens to Eenee is that she doesn’t reconcile with her
sister twin at all, and when her twin get’s injured, she refuses to get
rescued, so it’s like not everyone is willing to come over to the
rebellion, no matter how bad it gets for them.
