The GRQ-117 was the most impressive ship that Q’nall had ever seen. It
was a thing of derelict beauty, industrial grace, and some of dumpster
chic as well. Whatever you said about the GRQ, it was a good ship with
some interesting features. The main new feature was the partial heads up
display in the helmet: theoretically it could make sure that you knew
where you were no matter what direction you were going, and it had some
builtin damage resistant spells to make it extra durable. The sigils in
the heads up display were a little different, since they weren’t on the
usual glass surface that adorns most magitech computer systems. This
display was made of paper, and it still glowed with sigils, just more
dimly. But you didn’t need to focus on them too much; they were close to
your eyes and adjusted themselves accordingly. The main information that
the mini heads up display had was that it showed your speed, and where
your target was in relation to where you were looking. That means that
if you followed your target with your eyes, you were able to see the
information about them without looking down, like you had to with the
traditional heads up display that was installed in the GRT series. This
should make combat snappier, Q’nall told himself, this should come in
handy in space battles, especially if you take some damage while you
were going hunting.

Going hunting. Is that such a good euphemism for killing? Q’nall was
still pretty young compared to some of the older officers, but really, a
bit older than some of the fresh recruits. Most of the people in the
Rebellion was the result of conquests that had been made in the last 10
years. The Empire was in an expansionist phase; maybe they slow down
before they destroy too many more worlds. Or stopped forever, entirely.
Q’nall didn’t think that the Empire could ever fall, but then again,
there were all kinds of historical instances of institutions like
Empires falling quickly after some crisis point. Was the Rebellion that
crisis point? Was Q’nall a special member of a special group that will
permanently change history forever? Will he be a footnote in some text?
He couldn’t hope for that much credit. Just the fact that the Empire had
been stopped invading Datyl was enough for him. He was glad that he
wasn’t apart of the mission, because almost everyone was either captured
or killed, but the Rebellion bought the Datyllians enough time to repair
their planetary shielding that stopped the invasion by denying the
ground troops ground to land on. And, since the planetary shield was up,
that meant that the Rebellion could apparate out of there and leave the
Datyllians a chance to fight on their own. The Imperial Armada fleet was
pretty broken up at that point, and couldn’t defend against the
planetary defense systems anymore. They were defeated, but it seems that
was the brightest moment in the Rebellion’s history. Ever since then,
the Rebellion had been on the run, resupplying from sympathizers as much
as possible, but mostly, just camping out on border planets, hunting
their own food, fighting skirmishes that were increasingly bloody, and
all in all, just having a really shitty time about it.

Q’nall had joined somewhat early in the Rebellion’s history, but not
during that initial conflict. He had been an Imperial ensign, fresh from
the local Academy branch on Fillandtite, and still closeted. Still
having to disguise who he was to everyone. Things used to be better:
there were laws against discrimination. But the political winds had
begun to change, ever since the Empire had expanded to double it’s
original size just a hundred years ago. In that time, the government had
become more repressive, and started to curtail certain rights
officially, and ignore a few more basic ones routinely.

The fact is that Q’nall was a part of a whisper network of people that
had survived into this increasing dark time. A whisper network that
circulated the crimes that the Empire was starting to commit. It was all
the new Empresses’ fault. She had spearheaded a lot of the new
initiatives, and was convinced that the Empire had to expand or die. She
made speeches about how the economy was stagnant and how it needed new
markets or was going to collapse under it’s own weight, and that would
mean starvation or worse for the average citizen. Lots of scare tactics.
And the thing is, the human race had seen this sort of thing before. It
had just been so long that most people had forgotten their ancient
history lessons. Huh. I suppose that if the Empire employed more
classicists, this thing probably wouldn’t happen. At least, that’s what
Q’nall kept telling himself.

Anyway, the GRQ-117 was a hunk of junk, but he loved his. It even came
with a little repair android. It looked like a child, but it didn’t
speak, at least, not in a language that he could understand. He was told
that the language was Robotic, and that it took magitechnitions years to
understand it, and even longer to speak it. It was interesting, they
said. No one had actually written it, it just sort of evolved among the
androids that were human shaped but weren’t equipped with a vocalizer
spell.

Q’nall would have to contemplate this later, as there was a mission
coming up – he was going to be assigned to protect a convoy of ships.
That convoy must get through, no matter what, which is why Delta
Squadron was going to get in there. They were the squadron you wanted if
you wanted something to change. Usually for the better, although they
were pretty loose with the term “better.” Most of the time they were
there to clean up some mess that someone had made. They were adaptable,
and they were all good pilots. The Rebellion couldn’t do much better
than Delta Squadron, although they couldn’t do much better anyway.

Q’nall was the most junior member of the Squadron, which meant that he
got to do all the “best” jobs. Like flying out of a dangerous situation
first, so that he wouldn’t get hurt. That was patronizing to him,
although he was grateful that he didn’t die all those times. OK, not
patronizing, but pretty close. If he were immature, which he only is
sometimes when he feels like it
