---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

There’s one thing that they got right in the future: toilets. There were
no gendered toilets in the whole of the Empire. You went in, did your
business, and left. After washing your hands of course. And there laser
bidets in every stall. That was the excellent thing about the future: no
matter how dire things got, you had the right to a good toilet. I’m
pretty sure it’s in their constitution or whatever Empires have these
days. Since it’s harry potter, probably some magical scroll or some
thing. Made out of parchment, like all official documents are still made
out of parchment, but because animal skin is a precious resource, they
make it artificially, like cultured beef or something, but really it’s
artificial parchment that all official documents have to be on. That’s
the kind of procedural detail that fans want we know this from the
prequel trilogy for star wars. We want to see politicians make
decisions, it’s super riveting and not at all a betrayal of the action
adventure spirit of the original movies Now what was I talking about, oh
yes, toilets. Harriet used the toilet of course, because she was a
biological organism, but we aren’t really going to go into detail
because this is not one of those stories that would go into detail. But
I just wanted to mention it. The Empire is not completely evil, just
mostly evil. They may commit genocide but at least the toilets are
great! TM.

I wonder what the future of space travel will really be like if magic
was real. But then, since this is a story I can make it up and it’s
true™ wow, lots of those jokes right now, did you watch a bunch of
commercials or something? Anyway, good toilets are a part of space
travel, so that’s definitely staying in. Another thing about spaceships
in the magical future is that artificial gravity is totally a thing and
that you don’t have to worry about losing muscle mass or anything like
in microgravity because in magic space, there is always a down. There is
also no need for a pure oxygen environment, there is a normal Earth
atmosphere in each ship, they have no restrictions on smoking or
whatever, so wizards can fill up their bongs and rip it in space,
because what else are you going to do on the long trips? Surveys, don’t
make me laugh, they are definitely smoking weed every day all day.
That’s what I would do if I were an astronaut, which is probably one of
the many reasons why I’m not one.

Anyway, so magic space travel is pretty safe and fast, because they
invented the appration drive. which allows for ships to teleport.
