Wasn’t there a point in these word wars that I was talking about the
Sith? Yeah, I don’t have time to look back right this moment, but I do
distinctly remembering talking about them in a rather humorous way. Or
at least, I was attempting humor. You can never tell until someone else
observes your humor whether or not it’s actually humorous. It’s
something that only can be shared, and when you laugh at your own jokes,
it’s is rather hollow, isn’t it? Which is why it’s discouraged from
happening in professional circles, or so I hear. Anyway, I was talking
about the Sith and how they use their wands as fighting sticks too. I
thought that was a pretty good touch. Since wands are just what they are
encased in, it doesn’t really matter how big the thing is or where you
put the crystals for it. Theoretically, you could have a laser wand
that’s a shield. But that’s pretty rare, most of the time, people opt
for the wand since it’s traditional sort of. Not a lot of
experimentation after it as made out of metal, but that’s pretty far
from the wands that were carved from special woods that were somehow
tailored to your personality, or at least that’s what the harry potter
website would have you believe. Well, in my universe, you made your own
damn laser wand, so you can make it in whatever shape you want, as long
as it’s wand shaped. They don’t allow for much experimentation wherever
olivanders is in the future. Probably at the school, there would be a
wand shop that helps students fashion their own laser wands, I bet there
are all kinds of shops, but the wand one is the most personal, and
people only visit when getting of fixing one, and otherwise, it is not a
hangout spot for everyone it’s a pretty personal place, some would say
sacred because the wand is a tool of magic and some people love to mix
magic and religion together. No one I know personally, but they do
exist, I’m sure. And if not I just made them up! Isn’t fiction the BEST?

Anyway, so the Sith have these custom short quarterstaff wands that they
use to kill people. They could load up a spell to have activate on
contact, and the usual counter spell techniques don’t work on someone
trying to hit you with a stick, you have to know martial arts for that
stuff, and not every wizard knows it. In fact, when they do fight, I
think if there was any character that wasn’t going to make it, that is
when they would die. Or multiple characters would die, because the Sith
are the best of the best when it comes to killing people. The characters
that would make it make it because they have the Force and that lets
them properly fight with the Sith, which aren’t strong in the force.

Then, there are some people that would think that the Sith of course are
strong with the force, they have to be. Not all Sith are Dark Jedi or
Dark Wizards. Some Sith are just soldiers.
