---
date: 2020-11-24T21:30
tags:
- scene/08
---

Chapter 8
=========

Today is the day that the Rebellion will either win or lose, and it now
all comes down to the plan that Tobial came up with. It seemed like a
pretty good plan, but what bothered Harriet about the plan was that
involved her flying in a spaceship. It seems that the Rebellion was in
need of warm bodies for their battle fleets, and although it was
promised to her that she was not going to be involved in a dogfight, she
was still really certain that she wasn't going to come out of this whole
adventure without seeing some blaster fire. Just saying. There was a
pretty good chance that she wasn't going to come out of this alive, or
not in jail, or whatever happens to rebels when they are caught. She was
certain that she was going to go to political prison at this point. Then
again, she accepted that when she accepted to come here. These were the
consequences of her choice, and although it was a hard choice to make,
she decided that she was going to follow through with it. She was pretty
good at follow through, except when there was homework involved. Then she
needed more help, but hey, you can't be good at everything. At least
that's what his smart friends always said.

The plan was something brilliant, I'm sure. It has to do with switching
the station from combustion mode to terraforming mode while the
combustion spell chamber is powering up. With all the spell energy
building up in the chamber with no where for it to go, it'll leave the
chamber the only way it can, by exploding. And with that amount of
energy being released, it's probably going to be a really big explosion.
Possibly enough to destroy the entire station. All of Project Fireball
will go up in a fireball. The real trick is to leave the station before
it explodes but after the sabotage. There was going to be about a 15
minute window max, Tobial said, from when the switch takes place to when
the chamber will go critical. But we can't just make the switch then
leave, someone might switch it back, so we have to do the switch, then
damage the equipment, then leave. The reason why Harriet was going to
need to be on a ship is because they needed to be able to get two and
from the station without being noticed. Luckily, the Rebellion bought a
shuttle, the same kind of shuttle that the Empire uses, and then Tobial
used his Imperial knowledge to program the shuttle to behave like one
that was purchased by the Empire. That way, it should be able to pass as
a friendly ship onto the station, at least enough for it to get past the
shields, so that they could apparate in and out of there before they all
die. However, of course, if they did die during the mission, it will
have been worth it because it will stop the Empire from creating a
superweapon, that will devastate worlds and conquer them for the Empire.

I can make that plan work in the fiction, otherwise, I'll
change it, but it seems like a decent plan considering the magic and
technology. Since people can teleport themselves from place to place,
why not use that for the infiltration? And there's a detail in my head
that I don't think I've written anywhere: Unlike portkeys and other
pieces of magitech that does teleporting, when someone uses their own
powers to teleport, it cannot be redirected, so you have to set up
different spells to counteract people being able to teleport in and out
of places. Fortunately for the Rebellion, because the station is a
high-trust project, there aren't any personal teleportation prevention
spells active in the project, since that would slow down production if
people couldn't apparate from place to place on the station. Well, that
was going to cost them the battle, because Tobial knows the station
pretty intimately, they are going to apparate in to a well hidden
junction, and then crawl to the manual switch that they need to through
to switch the station from combustion to terraforming. The mode control
switch, I guess it'll be called. That switch is going to take some time
to throw, and when it does, it's going to set off some alarms, so
there's going to be a fight once that process is started. The plan for
getting the switch to stay in place is to do something fancy, but what
ends up happening is that they have to melt the metal in place and thus
freeze the control to the terraforming position. If the station doesn't
get destroyed, that would low them down enough to not destroy the fleet
around the station long enough for them to escape with their lives.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The jig is up, someone shouted. That wasn't good. Something was supposed
to happen when they activated the thing, but they didn't expect someone
to catch them. And they weren't expecting them to say that.

Tobial, is that you? Are you betraying your Empress? how could you, you
broke your oath!

You must understand, Gerrund, that I had to do this, I cannot stand by
and allow my family to live in an empire where I helped build a genocide
machine. I will not allow it

What do you mean, genocide? This is a terraforming station

It's not just a terraforming station, Gerrund, it is a death station.
The central tower's core is filled with fire summoning crystals that
burn a planet to ashes. Then the terraforming function is activated, and
that's when the station brings life to a planet; after it has already
been destroyed. I cannot abide by that, Gerrund, I cannot. I do this for
my own family, so that they are not a part of this.

your family are going to suffer because of you, Tobial! They will
go to prison for being your family, and they will be interrogated for a
long time. They were victims in this situation; your victims. I cannot
stand by and let this sabotage happen. I'm going to arrest you in the
name of the Empress.

We don't have time for this, Q'nall said, as he cast his spell. The
enemy officer Gerrund froze up like a plank, and fell over. Sorry about
that, Q'nall said, but we have got to get out of here. Did he activate
any alarms before I got him?

No, we are fine in that regard. That was a lapse in judgment, actually.
Standard procedure dictates that you shouldn't monologue before you
sound the alarm.

They started to run towards their meeting point with the rest of the
group. As it turns out, you have to activate the manual override for the
station mode in three places, and so they had to split up to get the job
done in time. They were meeting in the place that they apparated in, by
the cargo bay filled with plant life. The kind of plant life that you
need on a station with an arboretum. Most stations of this design have
at least one park within them, because many sentient species, but
especially humans, need green spaces in order to feel good about their
living spaces. In fact, one of the best jobs on a space station is
gardener or groundskeeper, since you get to visit many different places
of the ship, and you even get to make friends and visit their quarters
during your shift and take care of their plants. However, most people
take care of their own plants, but there are a few that insist on having
a gardener do it. That's not always all they do either; on space
stations, women don't have affairs with milkmen, they have affairs with
gardeners. Or so I'm told, it's not like I'd know anything about that
directly.

So, they all meet up in their place, but not before attracting attention
from the armada officers on patrol in the station.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The deed was done. They were able to melt the lever for the manual
override, and that should keep that in the locked open position for a
while. The others didn't melt there's, but nothing can ever go entirely
to plan. Real life just gets in the way of it.

When they meet up at the rendezvous, Harriet couldn't melt hers, so she
just took the whole lever, and used it as a club to fight off people.
It's unorthodox, but she was alive, wasn't she?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I think that I want to talk about the possible sex scene in this story.
I'm not sure if it's going to be included in the final cut, or even in
any cut of the story, but I know that in the story, there is room for a
sex scene. Probably right before their mission against the Project
Fireball station. That's when they would have time to do anything
romantic.

Now, I need to have a lot of imagination and research to be able to
write a sex scene at all, let alone one that takes place between a human
and an alien. I'm just not sure if I can could do that, even without the
added wrinkle that both of them are trans and unsure of their bodies. I
mean, Q'nall only transitioned relatively recently, and Harriet hasn't
had any surgeries as far as I'm concerned, although that may change
based on what my readers say makes sense. Because, if you lived in a
magical world, would you transition surgically as soon as possible if it
were a direct procedure? I have no idea. That's the kind of question
that makes me uncomfortable. I could guess, but knowing me, I'd guess
wrong and be really offensive. But I don't want to be offensive, I want
to be a positive influence on the world. So, I'm not going to write
those scenes until I have more of an idea of how it should go.

Then again, this is a Harry Potter Star Wars work, which means that
there could be no room for a sex scene, depending on how much I want
that to influence me. I could make this more of a young adult story, in
which case that the romance can be limited to nothing really that
explicit to match with my source material and make it easier for my
younger readers. I want to be able to have some of my family members
read it, and I think a sex scene would be out of the question for some
of them, but then again, honestly the whole trans thing might be too
much for certain members of my family, and so they won't be reading this
story.

The real question is, who is my audience? Can I get readers from that
audience to read this work? I have no clue, but I'll let future me worry
about that. But I should be worrying about audience a little bit, right?
Since I'm writing something for an audience, presumably? I mean, I'm not
just writing this for myself, of I'd be writing an entirely different
story, one without these tricky questions about trans rights and
sexuality and stuff like that, because traditionally I don't really
worry about that sort of thing. In fact, there's only one story that I
can think of that even mentions sex, and that was in passing.

So, what should I do? I think that I'm going to not worry about writing
the scene, or even thinking about the scene, until later, when I can do
some more research into how those pieces are written, so I can learn how
to do it. Otherwise, I'm just guessing at what is exciting and that's
not the way to go with this sort of thing at all.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

When we get home, we have a lot to talk about, Jem said to Harriet after
their adventure. Harriet, as mentioned somewhere else in the manuscript,
goes to live with Jem and family after the adventure is over, and thus
ends their careers in the Rebellion. Or so they think. Actually, that
doesn't make any sense, wouldn't there be consequences for joining the
Rebellion, and Harriet would have to face those consequences, right? But
I really like the idea of Harriet living with Jem and family. Maybe
that's how we can start the story, with Harriet living with them and
struggling with trying to figure out how to live her life after school.
I mean, she's set of becoming a footballer, but she's unsure that she'll
make that work, so she struggles with having a backup plan. Plus,
football is really competitive, so that's another thing. Actually, I'm
thinking too much about other people. Harriet is sure about everything
at the start of the story! Duh. So she starts out with certainty, has a
bunch of doubt in the middle, then ends up with a different kind of
certainly at the end. So that's how that's going to work, not ending
their adventures at home, rather ending their adventure with the
Rebellion. Yeah, that's the way to go. Plus, Harriet is going to be out
of school anyway, so there's no point in having her end up spending the
summer there, since there will be no school next year.

Anyway, what was I writing about? Oh right, the start of the story. I
think that the story will start with Jem and family spending time with
Harriet, and some opening dialog will establish their personalities.
Harriet's family definitely was killed by some kind of military
accident, but instead of it happening on Project Fireball, it happens
somewhere else, like during a battle or something. Harriet's parents and
her were aboard a ship when enemy fire disabled that ship and caused an
abandon ship order to happen.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, that's how the story begins, but how does it end? With Harriet
standing on the observation deck of a ship staring at a milky way
galaxy? I don't think I'll be that much of a thief. I think that I'll
have the ending be with Harriet and Q'nall looking into each other's
eyes. That seems right to me. And holding hands. In the rebel
encampment. Under the stars, yeah, that's how I'll get that reference
in, they will be under the stars planetside, lying down in the grass
looking up. That sounds really nice actually, so that's what I'll do.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I wonder if I could bother you for just a moment, the man said to the
other man. He was holding a giant hydrospanner.

What do you need? The man started to star at the hydrospanner. Didn't we
establish earlier in the manuscript that wands are the primary tool in
this universe? Why do we need a hydrospanner? What even is a
hydrospanner anyway?

No clue, I was written that way, the man said, promptly ending the scene
in shame.

Hey, listen, not all spontaneous scenes are any good. Don't blame me,
blame the brain that I carry around in my head. And my typing fingers,
that allowed that to happen. I mean, what the hell fingers? Where were
you?

Anyway, so I was talking about the beginning and the end of the story,
 where does Q'nall enter into it? I know that he is with the
Rebellion pretty much the whole time that he's in the main story, but
what about his family, about his past? I'm going to have to spend some
time thinking about that, but since I'm so close to winning I'm not
really sure if I want to pants it or to plan it, after writing more
about other things and coming back to the manuscript to see what I've
said about Q'nall already. That I've just forgotten, you know? 50k words
is a lot of words, and I've forgotten some things that I've already
written about. Maybe this is why people try to plan this out? To reduce
the number of mistakes that you make? Reduce the inconsistencies? It's
entirely possible. Then again, I really like the panting approaching
because I'm able to not plan and see what happens and be surprised by
the results. That's something that I really enjoy, seeing a random
process produce something interesting to see or read. I think that's why
I'm really interested in generative art. And I think next time that I'm
going to try to do generative art, I'm going to look at a lot of
examples first before I try to make something, so that I can have a
starting point, kind of like this novel. I had two starting points that
I was drawing inspiration from, and this is the best year I've ever had
with writing. I think in my life, really. I feel really confident in my
work even though I don't have outside validation yet, and that is huge
for me. I really value other people's opinion, not my own typically. I
am going to try to carry this momentum to other parts of my life, and
live to be a better person to myself.

enough about me, aren't you hear to read about something else.
Namely someone else? Harriet Starr is the star of the show, and I want
to make everyone like her the way that I end up liking her, with her
transition from bratty know it all to a rebellion member. That's pretty
much Luke and Harry's journey, isn't it?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Space magic is something that I'd like to talk about now. I wonder what
all the implications are that I could explore with space magic. I know
that I really shouldn't try to explain everything, since that would be
trying to take the magic out of the magic, so that's going to be a
priority. I cannot explain everything in excruciating detail because
that will take away from the magic of it. I need to keep some things
entirely mysterious. But then again, they are in a school, where they
learn about magic, and that is something that I need to keep in mind too.
I have to have a universe that is consistent, or it falls apart in
critique. I need to have this stuff on lockdown, as it were. I think that
I will discover the right mix of mystery and explanation later on in
revisions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What is Harriet's favorite coffee drink? I think black coffee without
anything in it, because she's like that, and she will choke down a bad
coffee without complaining because coffee isn't supposed to be any good.
When it comes to tea though, Harriet prefers something more Delicious
than that. I want to say peppermint, but that's too close to the real
person that Harriet is being modeled after. Instead, I want to have her
like something like cardamom tea or something like that something
floral. That's her drink of choice, and of course water. They have water
in the future still, right?

Does she drink alcohol? Actually, only tastes of it, she doesn't want to
poison her body with alcohol that much. This is an irrational belief
that she has held onto from young childhood and refuses to let go, even
though it is completely ridiculous and illogical, but that's our Harriet.
Just something about everything that she needs to have an opinion on.

Speaking of trying, should the romance between Harriet and Q'nall be
really awkward at first, or should it be like really good for them the
whole time. IF they are trigger each other's Intuition about each other,
then there doesn't have to be an awkward period, does there? Eh, there
should be, that's pretty common in these kinds of stories, and that
other approach just seems to pollyannaish to me. So, there will be
awkwardness. But how does it happen? I want to know what dating
experiences are like for trans folks. I want to have my other desk up
here, this is ridiculous, I want to have a proper desk to work at, and my
desk downstairs is no long a proper desk. Well, it is a proper desk, but
not a proper work station, because of all the crap that is in there. I
want to make sure that there is a desk down there for anyone who needs
that desk, so I'm going to swap the desks. This desk can go downstairs
with that bad chair, and that desk can come up here to live with me. And
I'll have the desktop computer just headless and running web services,
and its going to be great, you wait and see.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm going to win, I'm going to win, I'm going to win, I'm going to win,
I'm going to win, Harriet kept saying to herself while she was prepping
for the big game. I wonder if the visiting team is nice, she thought to
herself. It's not like there's really anyone who understands football
like her mates, but it's interesting to think about the other team. I
 mean, they were people, after all. Not necessarily human, she had to
remnd herself, because anyone able bodied can play football. Actually,
there is a special league for people who aren't ablebodied that magitech
can't fix, so anyone can play football. It is the best sport. All other
sports are just filler for football. She didn't have to ask anyone that
she just knew down in her soul. She knew that football was the right
thing for her life, and there wasn't going to be anything else that
comes into her life that will change that. There wasn't going to be some
kind of political thing that happens, or a boy. Gross. Boys were gross
at her school. People seem to think that they solved nasty boys but she
wasn't convinced that was in fact accurate. She was still bothered by
some of the more desperate ones, and that was enough to make her swear
off boys forever. She really wished that she were into girls. That
would make life so much easier. And that's the end of that line of
thinking, time to think about winning. That was the best part of
football, winning. I mean, sportsmanship! Hey, that word is sexist,
what's a gender neutral version of that word? I have no idea, we'll edit
it in post.

My arms are getting tired from typing for long periods of time because I
have to keep them suspended above the keyboard. Maybe this is something
that I need to do as a typist and just develop those muscles. We'll see
what happens, but I'm going to need frequent breaks until I get the
better desk up here. That will be priority tomorrow. If I win tonight,
which I intend to do, I'm going to slow down on writing and make sure
that I'm comfortable while doing it, because I plan on doing much more
of it moving forward. I think that I want more tea, my stomach is upset
and that ginger in the spiced chai was helping. I think that I'm going
to want to start eating ginger candy or something if my stomach is going
to be upset all the time. Thanks body, you suck.

I had to adjust my headphones to make my ears curl in a bit so they
don't have any pressure on them. Do they fix headphones in the future?
Like a magic spell that makes them perfectly adjusted to your head.

Do you think that magical products come with spells in the instructions.
that would be somewhat interesting. Like the headphones adjustment
spell is included with purchase, and it just lets you do it even though
you never even knew the spell existed in the first place. In fact, I
think that I want a scene with Harriet getting new headphones in it just
so I can explore that idea.

