I'm going to win, I'm going to win, I'm going to win, I'm going to win,
I'm going to win, Harriet kept saying to herself while she was prepping
for the big game. I wonder if the visiting team is nice, she thought to
herself. It's not like there's really anyone who understands football
like her mates, but it's interesting to think about the other team. I
 mean, they were people, after all. Not necessarily human, she had to
remnd herself, because anyone able bodied can play football. Actually,
there is a special league for people who aren't ablebodied that magitech
can't fix, so anyone can play football. It is the best sport. All other
sports are just filler for football. She didn't have to ask anyone that
she just knew down in her soul. She knew that football was the right
thing for her life, and there wasn't going to be anything else that
comes into her life that will change that. There wasn't going to be some
kind of political thing that happens, or a boy. Gross. Boys were gross
at her school. People seem to think that they solved nasty boys but she
wasn't convinced that was in fact accurate. She was still bothered by
some of the more desperate ones, and that was enough to make her swear
off boys forever. She really wished that she were into girls. That
would make life so much easier. And that's the end of that line of
thinking, time to think about winning. That was the best part of
football, winning. I mean, sportsmanship! Hey, that word is sexist,
what's a gender neutral version of that word? I have no idea, we'll edit
it in post.
