---
date: '2020-11-24T21:21'
tags:
- scene/04
---

Chapter 4
=========

There was a particularly strange shop in the school’s central ring
corridor. You might call it a promenade, but I haven’t decided to do
that yet. Anyway, in the central ring corridor there was a shop that was
zombie themed. It was called “Zombie Shanks” and they sold novelty items
to the students and staff at the school. They were not in good shape,
business wise, with the loss of popularity of zombies in recent years.
It always came in waves: one generation would be obsessed, then the next
would be tired and over it. This wasn’t a good year at all for the
store. Rumor had it that it could end up being closed.

This is what Harriet and Jem were talking about as they passed the shop
by.

“Zombies, ugh, they are so gross,” Harriet said, “I don’t understand the
appeal. It’s just gross people with gross making that eat other gross
people. Just gross.”

“I kinda like it,” Jem said, “The fact that they have a theme, I mean.
They could do a different theme, maybe?”

“Like what?”

“Like, uh, scary clowns? That’d scare everyone away”

“Oh, that would be so much worse. How did anybody ever like clowns?
Should they be illegal by now?”

“Okay, something else then.”

“How about football theme,” Harriet said with a big grin on her face.

“Dear lord, everything is football with you! There should be something
that isn’t football in your life. Like, boys or something!”

“Boys. are. worse. than. zombies!” Harriet said gleefully, “I’m going to
be an old maid. Just me and footie are all I need.”

“I hope that you’ll allow me to still be your friend in your old age?”

“Of course, of course, we can call each other on our holophones and talk
about old times, zombies, and clowns.”

“Alright, then, holophone conversations? What about living together you
loon?”

“Fine fine fine,” Harriet said, “You can bring all the boys over you
want, but I will still be an old maid. And we need a cat.”

“A cat?”

“Yes, a black cat named Ginger.”

“What?” Jem started to laugh uncontrollably, her eyes slightly watering
up at the effort of not crying or peeing herself, “We can’t have a cat!”

“Not with that attitude, you can’t,” Harriet said triumphantly, “You
need the right attitude with animals, especially cats.”

“Does it have to be an Earth cat?”

“No, it can come from any planet at all, as long as it’s a cat! A black
cat named–”

“–Named Ginger, I heard,” Jem interrupted. “I’ll think about it. But you
have to promise me that if it turns out that I’m allergic, we are
getting a different pet, and you can call it an opposite color if you
like.”

“Ooo, like a Alteric Rackclaw, and call it Fluffy?”

“Don’t joke about that, Harriet, you could get into trouble, smuggling a
rackclaw anywhere, they shouldn’t be pets. No housing officer will let
that happen.”

“Not if we make it invisible!”

“Listen, and listen closely,” Jem said with an almost straight face, “I
agree to having an invisible pet rackclaw named Fluffy if any only if we
can train it to do the dishes.”

“Deal!” Harriet and Jem shook hands on it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The school was something to behold, while all the while it was pretty
ugly. It was standard Imperial space station architecture, with the
cylindrical stick in the donut, as described elsewhere in this book. The
main difference between the school and other space stations was not
pronounced on the outside. The inside though, they tried to make it as
much of a school environment as possible. Well, a mix of a school and
the surrounding town. Except in the space station, it’s reversed: the
downtown part is in the central corridor, and the homes are all on the
outer rings. Of course, because of gravitational magic, the walls of the
donut are the floor, and the walls of the station are on the tops and
bottoms of the donut itself. Confusing. And it doesn’t end there. The
rod that makes the center of the station has it’s own gravitational
orientation, the top of the rod points away from the station.

That means that there’s a contradiction in the manuscript now, so you’ll
have to fix it later. The station always points away from a planet, that
makes sense because it takes less magically energy to mitigate that
gravity. In fact, it would probably make sense that the central core
part of a space station doesn’t have any gravity on, and that you have
to work in zero-g. But, then again, that’s not star wars or harry
potter, so I’ll ignore what I said. I think the central spire is going
to be called the Tower of the station, and that’s where external
equipment get’s attached to, to the ends of the spire. And the donut
part of the station is the outer ring. The outer ring of the station is
decided into sections. The dorms are located all together, and the
school takes up the rest of the outer ring. The stores and in the
central ring.

That means that each dorm room has a planetside window and a awayside
window. Each dorm has four people in it, and a central bathroom that is
shared by all the dorm mates. Harriet is dorm mates with Jem, Ven-tika,
and Charlize. Charlize isn’t that outgoing, so we haven’t really seen
her in the story yet. I think that Charlize needs to do something
interesting, kinda a Neville character.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The space station is huge, but also small. It’s enough to be a largish
town, or a smallish city, but nothing like London or New York City. It
has enough room for about 10k people, but the surface area isn’t all
spread out like it would be on a planet. It needs to be able to take up
as little space as possible. And with a thing this size, you can’t have
the entire thing be under a smaller on the inside spell, so you have to
conserve size wherever you can. For example, many of the classrooms can
really only hold about 20 students at a time, except for the Auditorium,
which could easily accommodate 2000 students. It was a full on theater
for the performing arts students, of which there were many. I think that
the idea that the school is only for force sensitives like the Jedi
academy is not going to work, I need something else. More like a secret
school for force sensitives could be like a black site, like in Firefly.
Yeah, that’s the ticket. Well, this could be that secret school, but
something something? Or rather, this and all schools are recruitment
grounds for sensitives? I’m not sure what exactly I want to do with
that, since I kinda want the school to be secretive, but also a standard
boarding school. Then again, Harry Potter’s Hogwarts was a special
school, and that was the charm, and we could tell a story about a
charming school that has something else going on.

I know! I figured it out! The students are monitored for force visions,
and if they have one, they get disappeared into a “special program” that
“helps” them. Yes, that makes sense. Harriet needs to escape the school
or she’ll be recruited into the secret program, and that’s why she
leaves. But she then becomes a rebel when Autok dies.

So, I think that’s a pretty good idea, we’ll see if it holds up in
revision or retelling.

Tobial Bee wasn’t an ordinary engineer. He had a knack for it. He loved
nothing more than solving tricky little problems.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tobial Bee wasn’t to keen to start on the repair. He was pretty sure
that there was something going on with this secret space station that he
was only just now trying to put together a theory that maybe something
was happening that wasn’t okay with him. But all he ever did was to work
on the terraforming spell crystals. They had various fiddly terraforming
spells in them: grow grass on barren ground, plant jungle plants in hot
humid areas, that sort of thing. The spells were recorded in something
like 10 thousand little crystals that littered the outer ring of the
station. Each one doing a slightly different job. From what he could
tell, the planet that would be created by these spells would be an Earth
like paradise. There were many different plants and animals that the
terraforming system would introduce that do not come from Earth, but the
fact that the biosphere there is so well kept, like a neat little lawn
of grass, really, that it practically is heaven on earth. Or wherever
this thing would be directed to. The question that Tobial had was, why
do you need such a big station to do terraforming. Terraforming was
normally a process that took decades of magic users sitting on nasty
planets and casting spells to make them nice to live on. The empire has
terraformed at least a dozen worlds, many of them devastated by previous
wars that the Empire didn’t fight in. These war torn worlds would be
claimed by the Empire, and then turned into a really good resource, just
like the Empire did for everyone. Why would there be a Rebellion, why
should there be a Rebellion? There’s no good reason why the Rebellion
should be running around killing people. That’s just not right. The
Rebellion will be ended by the Empress, she promised that to the people.
And she always gets what she wants, because she deserves it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, this was going to be a tight squeeze, through the hallway into the
next room, undetected by Armada troops, Especially with all the
footballs taking up so much room zipping around everywhere. This is
either going to go down as the most epic use of a football ever, or it’s
going to horribly backfire and get someone killed. Harriet wasn’t too
worried about anyone getting killed, except maybe for her. She couldn’t
decide what the groundskeeper would say to her. They are a giant in the
groundskeeping world, she heard. Then again, there are always rumors
about professors being weirdos or geniuses from all over the galaxy.
Harriet always wondered why they were here, at this rinky dinky school
for children. It’s not like they were special in any way. Or where they?
There were some rumors that kids that couldn’t take it here would be
escorted to a special secret school in this same station that would
break them and turn them into killing machines. Or something like that.
Harriet was again unsure about this claim. After all, she wouldn’t try
to hide a school on a space station, she would try to hid it on the
planet surface, on the nearby planet. That’s a better place to hide
things. Here on the station, there wasn’t any room for any kind of
shenanigans about missing students and monsters and things. There’s just
no way that any of that would happen. .It’s not like there’s a secret
chamber of secrets.

There couldn’t be any monsters on the station, because if there were,
they wouldn’t allow students to stay here at all, would they? If anyone
died, they would close the school down immediately and send everyone
home, right? If children can’t be safe in this school, then they
wouldn’t be allowed to come here. But then Harriet started to consider
scenes in which there would be some kind of bad situation that they
couldn’t run away from. Things like, quarantine? Oh yeah, if the station
were quarantined there would be no leaving. That’s kinda the point of a
quarantine, you don’t go anywhere. You wouldn’t have any choice. So
that’s a situation where they couldn’t leave. What about a rebel attack,
would that mean evacuation or lockdown? I suppose it depends on how big
the threat is to the school. If they were going to survive the attack,
it’d be lockdown. Otherwise, emergency evacuation seems much more likely
to her.

What a thought, huh? Space Jesus, since when did Harriet start to worry
about a hypothetical like that
