---
tags:
- scene
- harriet-starr
---

So, I just realized, what does Q'nall want to really do with his life,
at least what did he want to do before he became a freedom fighter? I
think that he wanted to become a critic, someone who did cultural
critique for money. It would be the minimal money for sure, but then
again, he could find a patron or crowdfund it, then he'd have been set.
He also has a lot of opinions, and I think that's what causes the
initial awkwardness between him and Harriet. Lots of opinions.

Maybe Q'nall infiltrates the school? Oh, that is probably genius! The
plans that need to be delivered to the Rebellion, the space station that
has the school is a good place to meet, since it isn't heavily guarded
like the Project Fireball station is. And Tobial could claim that he was
evaluating the school for his own children. Q'nall could claim to get a
job as a normal worker at the station, and that's how the information is
handed out. Q'nall must then stay at the station and await further
instructions. When he gets word that he has to destroy the station,
that's when Harriet gets involved, because she discovers this plot while
they are falling in love. Oh jeez, did I just do a Hallmark thing? Is
that some kind of spy clich√©? I must check, because otherwise there is
going to have to be some other way that Harriet gets involved.

this gives them a chance to meet earlier in the book, and have a
romance grow organically, instead of quickly like in a movie. This is a
novel, they should have all the time in the world to fall in love. Well,
that solves one problem and leads to another. I need to get them to get
to the Rebellion, and have Harriet go along with Q'nall at least
somewhat willingly.

So, Q'nall infiltrates the school, what job does he have? The Opinions
column of a newspaper, perhaps? Or something more menial, like cleaning
stuff. But then again, what are the robots for? They will likely do all
the cleanup around the station, and more cheaply too. So there isn't a
hot janitor that Harriet falls for. But I do like the idea of a opinion
column, since that is their whole deal at first. She starts to write in
to that jerk in the newspaper. But then again, what kind of newspaper
does she read? Maybe the opinions that Q'nall have are for football? No,
he writes one and that starts the feud. Yeah, that's how it all
starts, a "bad opinion" starts off their romance.

Okay, so Q'nall is posing as a newspaper person, and Harriet is a
student. Is the newspaper a student paper, or a station paper? I think
it's not going to be like the Daily Prophet, I think this is a station
only paper, like South 40 News. Hyperlocal insight into the station
where we all live, or something like that. Something where a forged
identity can be accepted, an official bribed. Maybe the newspaper is
supportive of the rebellion, at least in secret. Yeah, that's it, the
newspaper has been supplying coded messages to the rebellion for months
now, and they are willing to smuggle Q'nall onto the station and accept
him as an employee. They are an independent institution after all, they
can make up their own rules. It's been getting worse and worse under
this Empress, but at least there is still freedom of the press.

And, Q'nall doesn't disguise his name? Nah, that's not good enough.
Q'nall goes by the alias of Roberto, which is a human name. But then
again, a lot of aliens adopt human sounding names if they want to blend
in more. Show that they are willing to assimilate, which is always a
question being asked by an hegemony during these times. That's the
Empire, for those of you that didn't understand what I was saying.
Q'nall goes by Roberto, but reveals his real name to Harriet on purpose,
even though he knows it could get him into trouble. That's the first act
of trust between the two of them, and that is really nice isn't it? I
think it is. I think I'm going to have to add all the romantic bits here
and there, in order to make things interesting. OK, so when he tells her
his name, he tells her to call him Nall, since that's his last name in
this alias, and that is what most of his friends call him anyway. This
was a common tactic in the Rebellion, since false names are hard to
forge, it helps if some of the same characters are used in the new chip.
At least, that's what Q'nall was led to believe. That's what the
programmer Chi'day said.

Oh great, I'm going to have to come up with Rebellion characters too.Oh
boy, lots of character building, not like I haven't ever done that
before. It might be nice to make them up in the style of a Fate
character, so that I can practice making characters that way too.
Including stunts and stuff. But definitely high concept and trouble.

OK, so we know that Q'nall is disguised as a newspaper person, what is
the paper called? Also, would it be a paper, or would be a local
holonews outlet? Like their job is to import in official newscasts, and
then add in their own stuff? Like how Canada does it? where they have
local stuff mandated into the TV world? I've always admired that about
them. Anyway, I think that the local holonews does everything via
holovid, obviously, so Q'nall actually has his face in vlogs about his
opinion on stuff. It's never controversial opinions, at least, not to
anyone paying little attention. One thing is for sure, that Q'nall never
makes a purple-faced tirade about how bad the rebellion is. No one at
that local holovid news outlet does. There's enough of it in the
official transmissions, they say, they want to balance this stuff.

WAIT A FINGER LICKING MINUTE. Q'nall isn't in the rebellion to begin
with, he's just a sympathizer! Then, he meets up with Eenee and the
others when they join the Rebellion. All the scenes with Rebellion
fighters are just going to have to go in the sequel?
